Hello, everyone, and welcome back to on the Voblox video, where today what we're going to be doing is we're going to be playing the brand new pizza factory. It's going to be so cool. So let's go ahead and claim our factory. Look, nobody's factory. And this is ours. Even our names on like, a banner. That is so, so fun. Okay, so let's go ahead and begin our dough dropper. Which what does it do? I can't oh, wait. Pizza dough is worth 50 cash. Not bad. That is quite cool. And what is this? Oh, pizza shaper. That is really cool. I look at the dough, it's like a square piece. Who's shouting? Can you guys hear that? Someone is shouting. They must need a lot of help. And there is the VIP area. That is going to be quite fun. I will go and visit it later, but for now, I want to make sure that I do get a lot of cash to be able to build the next dropper. So the pizza shaper will be when this dough hits the end. I like it how it kind of like splits in half. That is something I haven't seen before. 

And here we go. Pizza dough shaper. And that makes it into a round shape. That is really cool. And what does it do? Shaped pizza dough is worth 100 cash. Okay, so every single time it hits the end, it will give us 100 now instead of 50. And we have another pressure plate. What is this one? This one is going to be weird. Restaurant floor. Honestly, this is going to be so cool. I can't wait to see what happens. It's just going to be really awesome. And we have all the droppers, and the next dropper we have is the tomato sauce adder. So it's going to be so fun. And look at it. Look. There it goes. And the next one is the cheese adder. So this is actually going really nicely. And this one makes the whole base worth 175. So it's going up so quickly. Now what I'm going to do is I'm going to buy the cheese add a dropper, and then I'm going to wait maybe like, ten minutes to be able to get enough cash to be able to buy quite a few things all at once, because if not, we will be here quite a while trying to fix everything. And we don't really have the time to be waiting that long. 

But one more dropper or one more pizza, and then we can actually go ahead and buy the cheese adder for 600. Here we go. There it goes. It almost got stuck there. And there we go. That's the cheese adder makes everything worth 275. Wow, that is so cool. Okay, so I'm going to wait now maybe like, ten to 20 minutes and then I'll be back. Guys, we literally have 10,000. We can go ahead and buy, like, almost everything let's buy the drool topping adder. What does this do? It has sausage for 400. Not bad. Look at it. Look at it go. That is just crazy. And let's buy the oven for 1500. And this adds every single pizza to be 550 cash. That is so much money. And look, it heats up the pizzas and they become edible, which is like the final stage, I think. What else could you add to it? And what is this one? Dessert pizza convey. Oh, no. I love this so much. The biscuit base dropper. 

And then we can go ahead and do we have enough? Yes, we almost have enough to be able to buy the biscuit base cutter. What does this thing even do? I want to see the biscuit base. Come on. Where is it? I want to see it. There. What? It disappears. Where does it even go? What happens? Look at it. It comes and then it goes. There it goes. Look. Where does it go? I think it disappears. There's something wrong going on here. Okay, and you know something I noticed, guys? Every single palm tree is pizza. Look at this. Look at this pizza. Look at the pizza. Palm trees. I've never seen something like that before. That is so cool. Okay, so we need 4500, and we have enough to buy the biscuit base adder, which is just perfect for us. The biscuit base cutter, I thought. And there it goes. It finally shows, which is just great because now I know it's actually working. So that is just perfect for us. And we should be getting cash quite quickly. Now we have two pizzas going on at a time. I didn't know that we're going to get dessert pizzas. That is just so, so cool. 

So what should we do? What should we do? I'm going to wait again, I guess, because I must need like a hundred thousand now to be able to buy the cream adders and to be able to buy everything else. Like, even that huge building I have to build is going to take forever. Guys, I'm having to hide my face from you because this is so embarrassing. Look what's happened. You guys ready for this? Here we go. I've got a whole breakfast on my face. We've got waffles, two eggs, a bacon. But I'm really sad for some reason. I thought I'd be very happy with so much food. Okay, so let's buy the cream adder, then we can add the sprinkles adder, then the draw topping adder. Wow, this is going to be so, so big. Like, look how much things we got going on. And is that it? Is that really it? This is okay. This is crazy. Okay, so now that we have still 34,000, let's go ahead and buy the restaurant floor. Nice. Look at this thing. And let's buy the restaurant path. Then we can buy the restaurant walls. Wow, this is going really quickly. 

And let's also buy the Golden Pizza statue. There we go. We now have our own our founder statue of the Golden Pizza. Okay, so as our pizzas keep on going, I'm going to try and what is this thing over here? This thing over here is the gear platform. Where is it? Where did it go? Oh, there it is. Guys, should we walk across the mall? Here we go. 123-45-6789. Yes. We had enough cash to buy them all. Okay, so what are these things? This is a giant spork. Look at it. Oh, my. Taste. You can throw it. Wow. Okay. And that's the magic carpet. I've never seen this one before. What is this one? It shoots waffles and bacon. Let's shoot out this guy. Here we go. Shoot a shoot to shoot a shoot to shoot it okay. And also I've seen the bike before. Let's see this pizza. What does this pizza do? Pizza. 

I'm a waffle face eating a pizza. And I've seen the cloud before. I've seen the coils before. I've never seen these balloons before. What do these do? No way. You let them go and they fly into the sky. Look at that. There they go. Let's do some more. No. That is so cool. You can have some sort of festival here. And what is this table? What does this do? Oh, my. Taste. Look at this guys. I'm doing that again. We dropped the table and we're so angry. We flipped the table up in the sky. Look at this. Oh my. Taste. That is the best thing ever. Oh my. And someone else is doing it. That's what the screaming was all about. No way. That is so funny. Okay, so let's buy the tables for 6000, then the chairs for 6000 and we can now have people round for dinner. And we have a kitchen for 1000. And what is this? Cup dispenser. Two happy customers. 

What do I get? Customers. There's a customer. There's the customer. What does she want? Here she comes. You have nothing yet. Okay, let's buy the cheese dispenser for 900. All she wants is cheese pizza. Cheese pizza. What do we do? Oh, we got the cheese pizza and we give it to this lady. Thank you. You're so welcome. Okay, so we have to wait for the next customer coming in a minute. But whilst we wait, let's go ahead and build the entrance for 6000. Nice. This is looking really nice. And then let's buy the windows for 4000. And do we have any more customers? This is going to be so tricky to be able to kind of like keep an eye on everything. And also our droppers and all our dispensers all at the same time. Let's extend our walls for 2000, then the stairs for another 2000. And do we have any more customers? Here comes a customer. Here comes the customer. Quickly, quickly. Definitely a cheese pizza. They're going to want cheese pizza. We walk on top of it. Let's press eight. There we go. Give it to her. And yes, we have it. So we've done two happy customers and now let's go ahead and buy the cup dispenser. Look at this thing. We can get cups. 

That is so, so fun. And then a banana milkshake dispenser for five happy customers. Wow. Okay, so I'm going to see how much we have to spend to be able to buy the floor upstairs. And that is 6000. And we can buy it already, but we're going to have to wait. Now, I am going to serve a few customers whilst we wait, guys. And we have another one coming in real quick, but I guess you guys just don't want to watch so many people coming in and me just giving them cheese pizzas is like, this would go on forever. Okay, so I'm going to wait for about ten minutes and I'll be back. Okay, so let's go ahead and buy the roof for 6000. Oh, no, it's a bit dark in here. That's not what I wanted. Okay, so how many customers do we need? Oh, 25 customers for chairs and tables. And what's this one? Banana milkshake dispenser for five happy customers. There we go. And we have this one over here for 20 happy customers. The pepperoni pizza dispenser. Nice. Okay, so this customer wants a cheese pizza. There we go. You're welcome. And what is this thing? A cup. Oh, no, we have to get the cup and then use it on the milkshake, I think. 

Yeah, there we go. And we get a banana milkshake. That is so complicated. Okay, so the first pepperoni pizza we have to give out is that one there. And we have done 25 happy customers. And if we go upstairs, we should be able to buy now the chairs and tables. Chairs and tables, here we go. Yes. Oh, no. It never stops, this thing, does it? Okay, so let's go outside and buy the chef uniform, the barrister uniform, the chef hat and the pizza box hat. Look at that thing. I want the pizza box hat. Let's see. I'm a waffle in a pizza box. That is crazy. Okay, so I think I've done everything out here. Let's see. Yes, I have. And around the bag I have too. So I don't think we need any cash anymore. If I'm correct, I think it's all got to do with happy customers now. Yeah, I think we've done everything. So let's go back inside and maybe we can serve ourselves to some people. There we go. 

Here is a banana milkshake. Sir, you are so welcome. Let's get all the pizzas ready and let's get the cup ready to be able to give someone a banana milkshake. And here they come. Here comes another customer. And I don't know why they go through the back door. Like, why? What's so interesting about the back door? Okay, so that's a sausage pizza. So there you go, ma'am. That's all yours. And we should do a few more customers, because we only need five more to be able to serve them and to be able to buy the next paintings upstairs for only. It's free, actually, so I don't know what to do with my cash. Okay, so here we go again. I have changed my outfit a little bit, but I have noticed that some people reach about 100 customers, and then they leave. So I think 100 is like, as many as you need to complete the whole tycoon. Say we got the paintings for 32 happy customers, and wait a minute. Is that it? What else do we do now? I kind of thought there would be more things. This is kind of scary. Please don't tell me it's ending. 

I don't want it to end. This was so fun. We have all our outfits here. If I just go through them all, we should be able to change quite nicely. There we go. I'm going to change my hat to the chef's hat, and I'm going to be able to buy this chef's outfit. There we go. We are now a full on chef. Have we done everything? I think we have. Guys, we are completely finished. Thank you so much for watching. Don't forget to give this video a thumbs up and subscribe. And I'll see you soon with another video. Peace out, you. 

