Oh, guys, I was just taking the longest nap in Blocksburg. Oh, my gosh. It's like 05:00 a.m. Okay, I gotta get up. I got to do something with my day. I swear, I was just sleeping for 2 seconds, and look at me now. It is 04:00 a.m. It's practically morning. But, guys, I've noticed that some of you are actually sleeping on my channel, which means you're not subscribed. So, you guys, to make sure that you subscribe to my channel right now, you leave a like on the comment and turn on those Bell notifications so you don't miss anything that I post. And then that way, too, you won't be sleeping on all the awesome videos I have. All right? Wait, hold on. What was that noise? It sounded like a loud bang outside. Oh, no. I'm a little nervous, but I gotta go see what's up. Hello? Someone out here. Oh, no. There is someone out here. Look. Little bella 501. She's a legit crying baby in the middle of the street. Look at her. She is so sad. 

She kind of smells a little bit. Are you okay? Where is your mom? She lost. That breaks my heart. And it's scary. It's still dark out, so I'm going to take this baby in until we find her real parents. Oh, my gosh. I guys, I don't know what to do. I'm not very good with babies. They're cute and all, but they kind of just stress me out. Are you hungry? What do babies eat? Oh, wait. Maybe I could give her baby food. All right, let's see what we got. Oh, there is baby food. Okay, cool. Let's see. Give baby food. There you go. She's just crying into her bowl of what looks like guacamole. She says this is nasty. Oh, yikes. What do I do? What do I do? Do you like hot dogs? Oh, if she said ear no, hot dogs are really good. Baby Bella, you don't know what you're missing. Let's do grapes. Okay, here you go. 

We'll give you some grapes. How about those? Give those a shot. Yummy. Yay. Okay, perfect. So we found a food that she likes. I think maybe next I should give her a shower or something or no. Guys, do you think her diaper needs to be changed? Oh, I'm not ready to do that. I don't really want to do that. Oh, she said she wants a bubble bath. Okay, I am going to quickly draw you a bath, and you stay right here. Baby Bella, don't go too far. I got to make sure the water is warm, okay? I don't want to get in there. Oh, gosh. Oh, man. Hold on. Where is she going? What is she doing? No, baby Bella, you need to be careful. She left my house. No, wait. Hold on. Get back here. Where did she go? Oh, yes, and guys, I do have a green screen in the back. How do you think I make my thumbnails for the videos. I need my own green screen. But where did that baby go? Ah, she's running away. 

No. Come back here, Bella. I have more grapes. Grapes. Yes. Perfect. Okay, now come with me and don't run away because that's just not safe. Oh, she's really stinky. I got to get going. I got to put this girl in the bathtub. So give me, like, five minutes. Okay, so I just put baby Bella in the tub. Oh, look at her. She's freshening up. She's still crying. Oh, no, she's got soap in her eyes. That's not good. Oh, she's crying. I think cuz the soap in her eyes. But guys, I was able to get all those flies away from her. Maybe I'm not bad at taking care of a baby after all. This. Could baby be fun? Let's see how it goes. Guys, I just can't believe it. It's been four years, and I have been taking care of sweet, sweet little Bella. And today is her birthday. Yay. I love a good birthday. And especially if it's someone that I care about. And I care about baby Bella, she just, like, happened into my life, and it was one of the best days ever. 

And all right, so we are making her her favorite, which is a jello cake. I mean, who doesn't love a good jello cake, am I right? Okay, so I'm going to place this over here. Place gelatin cake. And guys, look at all the balloons I got her. I hope she's as excited about her birthday as I am about it. I think it's time to wake her up. Oh, my gosh. It is almost 01:00 p.m.. That girl has been sleeping all day, and I can't let her sleep her birthday away. Five more minutes. No. Okay, you have slept long enough. It's your b day. Come on, come on. Please wake up. We have so many fun activities to do today. Oh. And now she is excited. Time for a few surprises. Let's go, you little birthday girl and Mr. Squiggly. We got things to do down here. Surprise. Check it out. This cake is all for you, Bella. 

She's OMG jello cake. It's your favorite, right? And you can eat all of it because it's your birthday and you can do whatever you want. That's why I love birthdays. They just make you feel so special. She says it's all squishy. Yeah, I thought that was your favorite part about jello cake, but okay, hold on before you have a bite. She's going to be so excited. Guys, I have one more surprise. Are you ready? I'm ready. Because I'm excited. And I'm super, super excited. OOH. Surprise. Yes. And you can even bring your jello cake if you want, but you have to follow me. But close your eyes. Do you think you can do that? I know you're only five years old, so that's a little scary, but I promise I will lead you in a good direction. Ready? Are you ready? Okay, let's go this way, Bella. Oh, no. Oh, gosh. Oh. Should I carry here. Ready? The anticipation is killing me. You can peek now, Bella. I can't wait to see the look on her face. 

Oh, she is speechless. Yay. A giant teddy. All for you. That is my favorite thing about giving gifts to people, is they get so excited. I love to see their reactions. This is awesome, guys. I never thought that taking in a stray baby would be so much fun. I'm going to call him Mr. Barry. Oh, yes. I love that. We should get him a tough hat. How cute would that be? He'd be like the professional Mr. Barry. Y'all, she just called me Mommy. This is such a big moment. I've been taking care of her for a few years now, and she just called me Mommy for the first time. My heart. This is so cute. I cannot believe it. It has been a full ten years and time has flown by. Little baby Bella is no longer a baby, Bella. She is a teenager. I cannot believe it. Oh, perfect. 

The unicorn channels on. I'm gonna go get Bella, because this was her favorite show growing up and maybe we could watch it together. I'm going to knock on the door before I enter. Hello? Bella didn't go away. Bella, come on. That is no way to talk to your mom. I'm going in. Okay. Whoa. EW. Oh, my gosh. Not only does this room smell, but Bella kind of smells, too. Girl, when was the last time you were off that computer? Your room. It's an absolute mess. There are pizza boxes, tons of laundry everywhere. My gosh, when was the last time you got up said, So what? I know where everything is. Yeah, I used to say that to my mom too, when I was younger. And that was just keyword for my room's. An absolute mess. And I don't feel like cleaning it. I mean, I didn't know where everything was, but that's besides the point. Do you want to watch some TV with me? That would be so fun, wouldn't it? I mean, way much more fun than playing your game since you TV. 
 
Nah, I'm a game. Guys, I was really hoping you should want to hang out with me. Come on, please? Wait, what did she just say? She said, I haven't watched cable in like forever, mom. Yeah, okay, well, maybe TV is not as fun as it used to be, but please, I want to spend time with you. I missed hanging out. I don't know, guys, she just doesn't seem to want to be my friend anymore. Mom, I'm busy. I'm losing focus. You know what? No. Enough is enough. We are going to spend quality time together. I'm your mom after all. So. No way. Bella I'm putting my foot down. Enough game. Put that down. I can't just pause it. Mom, it's multiplayer. I don't care. I am your mom. And what says Ghost? Are you listening to me? Hello? Don't you want to pause your game? Don't make me cut the power, because I will. I'll go right down to the basement and turn off all the lights, and then you're going to be sorry, because you really won't be able to pause your game then, fella. 

So don't you dare. No, I will. I told you, no more games. Look, I didn't even have to turn the power off. She turned it off on her own. Fella, look, I don't even think I want to hang out with you anymore right now, because I'm a little too mad. You need to clean this map, or no computer ever said I'll do it later. Gosh. No. Bella, if you ever want to be on that computer again, you are going to do it now. This place smells, and so do you. You need to take a shower. It's getting out of control. Fine. Go away, then. Fine. Fine. Fine. I'll leave you alone. But I'm going to come back to check in on you and make sure that you've cleaned. Do you got that? Missy said fine. I'm already mad about my game. Sorry. But you got a clean girlfriend, so I am going to leave you to it. Bella used to be so sweet, and now that she's a teenager, she's not really that sweet anymore. 

Breaks my heart. We were best friends, and now it's like pulling teeth to get her to do anything. Teenagers. They are such a hassle. Okay, guys, Bella turned 16 just a few weeks ago, and I have quite the surprise for her. I've been really nervous about it, but I think she is finally ready. All right, let's go get her. She's practicing the drums. It is kind of getting late, fella. Actually, no, it's super late. It is almost 02:00. A.m., fella, can you quit a minute? We got a practice for the band. I know your band's super, super important to you, but I have something that's, like, super exciting. Come on. Fully. Please sleep. I have a surprise for you. Are you ready? Do you think you can handle it? She's saying, oh, no, it's good. I promise it's not going to be like matching Christmas sweaters like last time, which I was excited about. 

I know you weren't, but that's fine. Said mom. What did you do? Follow me. I hope she's ready. And I hope she's excited. All right, check it out. It's a car. Your very own car. Are you excited? I am, like, crazy, crazy excited. Is this for Grandma? No, it's for you. I didn't want to get you, like, a brand new fancy car because it is your first car, so you are bound to make some mistakes. Said it's nice. Bella, I mean, it's a car that you didn't have to pay for. It is wicked. Nice if you ask me. Come on, it's a learner car. But I don't know how to drive. That's what you think. And she's worried about the rain. Girl. You're fine. I'll teach you. You teach me? Why not? Come on. I'm a good driver, right? 

You guys think so? Comment down below. Don't you think I'm one of the best drivers you have ever seen? Here we go. Here you go. You get behind the driver's seat, sister. I'm going to sit passenger. And I'm a little nervous, but you're going to do fine. So step on the gas. Easy. Don't flirt. No. Oh. Bella. We need to put it in a Thrive. It's not broken. Oh. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Okay, okay. Oh, my gosh. We got it. I believe in you. Okay. Yes. Oh. We're doing good. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. That was close. We were close to that tree. Whoa. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Slow down. She said, I got the need, mom. The need for speed. Oh, my gosh. Guys. Wish me luck. Oh, no. Oh, no. Bella. Bella, don't go into the oh, gosh. 

Guys, I think I got to take it from here. She crashed the car. Oh, man. This is going to be an expensive fix. Guys, I'm going to be honest with you. Today is going to be a really tough day. Bella is heading off to college. I mean, I'm so excited for her. And I've been helping her pack and get ready, but I hate to say it, I'm really going to miss her. I mean, she's become not only my daughter, but, like, my best friend. It's going to be really emotional. I hate the thoughts of her leaving and me not being able to help her if something goes wrong. But I got to trust her. I got to trust that I raised her right and everything is going to be perfectly fine. She is just about finished packing up, so I'm going to knock on her door and just check in on her and make sure she's doing okay. Because luki, I'm not doing okay. I'm really, really sad. Hey. Hey, Bella. Guys, look at her room. 

This is once her nursery, and now it's got all of her stuff packed up and she's ready to leave the house. How's the packing going, man? It's pretty good. I got the last boxes. Okay. Are you excited? I mean, I'm a little nervous, I'm not going to lie. But you're going to have fun, and I'll be fine here without you. I think said. Yeah, I totally got this. Oh. I'm excited for her. She definitely does. You'll do great. You're an awesome kid. Thanks, mom. You're all right? I mean, I don't know. Sometimes I'm annoying. I get that. But you know what? I love you, and I've just always wanted to make sure that you are okay. But before she goes, she said, I just want to say one thing. What is it? She's saying thank you for raising me. I know it was tough. Of course, Bella. You know what? It was my honor. You're awesome. She said you've taught me so much and to be a total daddy. 

Well, I'm glad that you've learned a few things from me, but you've taught me a lot, too. You taught me to be patient and a good person. I love you, girl. We understand each other. It's true. That's kind of like the bond that we have. But you should probably get going. You got limbs to do, and I I don't want to hold you back any longer. Oh, yeah. I'm going to be late. Oh. That is one thing she learned from me, which is not really being on time often, but we're both going to work on that. It's something I need to get better at, but okay. She asked if I'll walk her out. Of course. So let's go. We're going to have the moving people come and ship the rest of your things off to school. But okay. She's getting in her car. I'm going to stand over here just to make sure that she drives off nice and safe. Okay, but before you go wait, she said you know what, mom, what is it? 
 
I dig this car. Finally. I mean, she said it she thought it was for an old person before, but she loves it. I think it's because she's appreciative. But enough of the sadness. I can't take it anymore. My heart is just going to explode. Good luck. You're at the best, and have fun. I'm going to let her go. All right, I'll see you, Bella. Whoa. Whoa. Oh, gosh. I hope you get there safely. I'm definitely going to miss her. But it was so awesome being able to raise Bella. I hope she has the best time in college. I know I'm going to miss her, but that's okay. Hey, guys. Welcome back to my channel. I hope you are having the best day. I am hanging out today in Pizza Planet, and I just had the best slice of pepperoni pizza, like, of all time. We all know that the pizza here at Pizza Planet is super good, but today it was, like, extra good. But before I leave, I got to grab a soda, because I am dying of a little thirst here, people. 

All right, thank you again, sir, for the soda. I hope you have a good day making some pizza. All right, I'm going to walk this way for a minute. This is really weird, guys. Do you see these twin babies just, like, sitting out here in front of the nightclub? Oh, my gosh. And it seems like they're lost. They're saying, Where do we go? I'm not sure. I'm scared. And this guy over here is worried about them, too. Oh, no. I got to check in on these girls. Are you okay? What's going on here? Chris, what do you think? I mean, I think that it is not good to see two twin babies left alone on the side of the street. And especially in front of a nightclub. Babies are not allowed in nightclubs. Ladies, we're lost. No, we're not. Okay. Oh, my goodness. And this man is asking if these are my kids. No, they're not my kids. Where's your mom and or dad? 
 
They look so sad and alone. That is not good. And they don't know where their mom or dad is. They left us here. We lost them. Guys, are you seeing this? This is crazy. Who just abandons babies on the side of the road? That's got to be a crime or something. I don't know. It's just so crazy. I feel awful for them. I'm hungry. We're so hungry. Oh, my gosh. I need to help you. Oh. Can you help us? Oh, my goodness. I think we should get out of here. I'll take you to my place and get you all some food. I have no time to waste. I got to invite them to my family. Quick, before those people run us over again. We got to put this one in the car. Okay, Charlie? And then we're going to pick up Chrissy and put her in the car over here. Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to put them in the front seat. Oh, gosh, I hope they don't fight. Let's go home and get you some food and get away from this crazy night. 

I'm sure it's been a super long day for you. Eyes on the road, Britney. Eyes on the road. You have children in the car. I just can't believe it. It has been five whole years since I adopted those twins. And I can't believe it's been five years since nobody's come to find them. But you know what? I've adopted them as my own, and oh. Oh, my gosh. The time. The girls are going to be late for their first day of kindergarten. I made them pancakes, but they're not down here to eat them. Oh, man. I got to go see what they're up to. It sounds like they're jumping on their beds again. Oh, no. These girls are quite the handful. Good thing they're cute, but guys? Hello? Girls, it is time for school. Oh, my goodness. What is going on here? Hello? Good morning. Charlie, where's your oh, my christy still asleep. Oh, my goodness. Christie, you have to wake up. 
 
Charlie, wake up your sister. It is time for school. You guys are going to be late. And that's a trait that I have that I do not want to pass on to my kids. No. Uh oh. Christy says she doesn't want to wake up. But, come on. Your first day of school? I'm going to jump on the bed just to make some emphasis. Hello? Wake up, sleepy head. Come on, sniff, sniff those pancakes I smell. Yes, but you have to get up first before you can have them, because there is nothing better than starting your day off with a nice set of pancakes. Guys, comment down below. What's your favorite breakfast? I got to say, mine are pancakes. But girls okay, I see that you're kind of dressed, and Charlie's up and ready for school. Are you ready for your big day? I know. I'm super excited. I mean, I'm a little bit nervous to have you guys leave the house for a full day without me, but I think you'll be fine. 

Charlie said no. Wait, what's wrong? I don't want to go. And Charlie says no. She doesn't want to go, either. Uhoh, yikes. That's not good. Why not? They're probably a little nervous. I know. I was nervous on my first day at school. She said she doesn't want to go to school. Christy, what about you? The other kids could be mean. Oh, no. Hold up right here. You girls are strong, and I'm sure you're going to have the best day. School can be intimidating, but they got this, and it's going to be okay. Oh, Christy says you really mean that. You sure? Says her sister. Even if you get scared, just know that I'm always here for you. You can send me a text or call me. I'll be there in just a minute. But you are going to be perfectly fine, and you're going to make some new friends. 

It's going to be so fun. Said. Oh, can I bring my unicorn? Oh, my gosh, of course you can. But, girls, we kind of got to get a move on. The school bus is going to be coming any minute, and those pancakes are getting cold. Sue, how about you come downstairs and eat before you go? And you can even bring your unicorn. Come on, girls. Let's get moving. All right, come on. Come on. Follow me. Oh, gosh, I hope those pancakes are still warm. Oh, I actually, you know, it's a little weird, but Charlie likes hers in the fridge, so I got to get those out for her. Oh, wait. Oh, no. Did I eat them? Okay. No. There they are. Perfect. Perfect. Okay, over here. Hold on. Now, make sure to put your dishes in the sink. I've been trying to teach them to clean up after they eat, but that has been a nightmare. But look, it seems like they're super excited now. They had their pancakes, so they are good to go and conquer the world. It's going to be such an awesome day, and I can't wait to hear all about it once they get home from school. 

I am so excited because today is the girl's 16th birthday. I cannot believe it time. Seriously has just blown by, but, oh, my gosh, they're going to be home from school soon. I got to finish up making this jello cake. I don't know why they love jello cake so much, but hey, you know it's their favorite thing, so why not make them their favorite cake on their special, special day? I am so excited. I've also planned a little party in the backyard for them and I hope that it surprises them. Okay, I'm going to put the cake down and stand in front of it. Yes, perfect. So that way they have no idea. Oh my gosh, they're home. Oh, wait a minute. They look so sad. I can't believe it. Is everything okay? You look so sad. It is like rule number one, you cannot be upset on your birthday because it's your special day. 

What is going on, girls? You need to tell me. Oh, Chrissy says I don't know, just been kind of bummed out lately. I'm growing up and it's scary. Okay, guys, yes, growing up can be scary, but it happens to everyone and it's something that you can get through and you'll be fine. Don't worry, you got this. You're a smart girl and you can get through it. I feel so bad. I didn't know that she was so worried about growing up. I mean, I was two when I was her age. But it's okay. Things are going to get better. They always do. Yeah, she is smart. Trolley doesn't think she is. No, no, no. You are both smart and amazing. Girls, don't ever, and I mean ever think otherwise. So, so true, said Charlie. You're like the smartest girl in school. 

It's true, Charlie, you do have straight ace. But I don't know what to do. I'm kind of at a loss today. That's not what Daniel said at school today. Wait, who is this Daniel putting my girl down? No, I will not have any of it. Wait, the cutie. Oh, no. What if this is the boy that she has a crush on? Yeah, it was him. It seemed like he shut her down. It seems like Christie has the right point. She said, what a loser. Forget about him, charlie, it's true. You don't need a boy to tell you that you're smart or pretty. Because you should know that about yourself on your own. Look, let's forget about him. I have a surprise for you. Look. A Jello cake. Are you excited? Hold on. The surprises get better and I put a z because it's a special thing, right? Wait, there's more. Yes, yes. Now turn those frowns upside down and follow me outside. 

Come on, girls, we have a surprise to do. Look, it's your birthday party. Woo. I am super excited. Happy birthday for you. I got you both a skateboard and the new makeup palette that you've been dying for. How awesome is this? I mean, I don't want to pat myself on the back, but I think I'm doing a pretty good job being a cool mom. So this new makeup yes, and you both get new or yay. Charlie is super excited and I think Christy is too. She's like trying on all her makeup already. This is awesome. Oh, my gosh, I am so happy. I really think that this is going to help the girls have a better day. And you know what? I think it's time to dance. Yes. Woo. Oh, yeah. I am so excited. It looks like these girls are having a super good birthday now. 
 
And this is such an awesome moment. I really have loved being their mom. Okay, guys, I have to admit something. I'm a little sad today because my girls have moved out. They bought their own house, which I'm super, super proud of them for, but I mean, that means they're not going to live with me anymore and they moved all the way across town. And sure, it's for their good. They're just growing up, but I'm going to miss them. They're like my best friends. But I am almost to their house and I'm just so proud of them. I can't wait to see what it's all about, so whoa. Whoa. Oh, boy. Well, I guess guys check out my parking job. I would say not bad. I'm getting better in my old age as a mother. Which also, can we comment on how it's been like 20 years and I am still looking good? Thank you, time. You have been good to me. Okay, so enough about me. It is time to go see my girls. 

Look at their house. It's the perfect starter home for two young girls just getting their foot here in Blocksburg. But we are going to knock. I'm not just going to barge in. I'm not a nosy mom like that. And I called them. Don't worry, they know I'm coming. I'm not just showing up at their house. Maybe I'll do that down the road. But right now, I know they need a little bit of their space. Oh, my gosh. Yay. They're so excited. How beautiful are they? They have grown up into the most gorgeous girls and they're smart and they have good jobs. I'm so proud of them. Okay, they're telling me to come on in. No. Oh, my goodness. Girls, you have outdone yourselves. Can we quickly talk about this spread? They got water, they got grape juice, hot dogs, tacos, eggs and bacon. A salad. I can't believe it. Oh, they said they learned it from me. It's true. Guys, if I hadn't having people over, I go all out. I get a lot of food. You girls are amazing. This house, though, I need a tour. 

I need to see every inch of it because I'm so proud of you and all the hard work that you put into moving here that you are the best mom. No way. You're the best. But look, you are a little far from home. I'll try not to cry, but this is an emotional day. I mean, they just moved out and now I'm an empty nester, which means I have no one at my house but little old. Me, but she's saying, yeah, we moved out, but we moved closer to college. Oh, and you can always text, and probably she said stop by or something. Of course. I'm so proud of you, too. I can't believe it. This is awesome. Christy is so sweet. She's like, Honestly, mom, thanks for everything you've done for us. I mean, it was nothing. That's what parents do. Without you, we'd be out there alone. This is making me so sad. I'm going to try not to cry. I guess I really did make a difference in their lives, but I don't know if they understand how much of a difference that they made in mine, too. 

I mean, I learned so much. They're so sweet. Girls, it's totally my pleasure. It's been the best few years of my life. Sure, it was stressful at times, like trying to get you up to go to school. It's okay, because it was all worth it, because look at how awesome you all turned out. This is so good. Chris is saying, you've taught us a lot. Now we can make it up to you. Hey, how about we start with getting in on some tacos? Because those tacos look awfully delicious. How about we taco about some food? All right, I'm going to take a seat and enjoy this awesome moment with my girls having some food before I leave them and before they go off to college. All right, girls, let's dig in. This food looks amazing. Hello, everyone. Welcome back to another awesome night here in Blocksburg. 
 
And, guys, I am so excited because my favorite TV show ever of the Amazing Adventures of Unicorn Unicorn, has now been made into a full feature film. And the premiere is tonight. And I got tickets for the show, so I oh, whoa. Actually, it's almost time. It's almost the midnight premiere year. I got to get going. Earls. I'm going to be late, and I do not want the worst seat in the movie theater because I got to get my popcorn, I got to get my snacks, I got to get my soda. You know, all the good things. So all right, let's hop in the car and move on down to the movie theater. I'm thinking the roof needs to be open. I need to see the stars, people. Wait. Oh. I jumped out of my car. I did not mean to do that. All right. I am so excited. Eunucha, here we come. Whoa. I almost just ran over these triplets. What is going on here? One is scared of the darks, and the other one screaming. Oh, my goodness. Guys, what are three little triplets doing in this, like, middle of the road in the middle of the night? 
 
Look at them. They look scared. Hi, girls. What are you doing in the road? I don't really think this is safe. Hello? They're mom. They're dumb. Whoa. Oh, my goodness. That person just ran right through us. That is not good. Girls, you need to get off the side of the road because that can happen again. Hi. We're lost three lost triplets. That's a lot of babies to lose. Where are your parents? What is with all these people bending their babies in Blocksburg? It's weird. You don't do that. We were left here. Are you our mommy? Oh, no, I am not your mommy. Oh, no. This one's calling me mommy. Oh, I think they're confused. Excuse me. I'm sorry. I'm not your mommy. I mean, I really feel bad for these little girls. They're totally abandoned, and it's raining. They're closer, wet. Guys, I think I've got to take them to my house because this is just not okay. 
 
They were abandoned on the side of the road, and now it's raining, and I'm a little bit hungry, and I didn't get to see my movie. But that's okay because I think these girls need help, and that's so much more important. So I'm going to invite Holly to my family. Daisy, mary. I hope I can keep all their names straight. This is very confusing. How do people have multiple babies? One is a lot. Oh, my gosh, guys, I think I'm going to have to get, like, a minivan or something to haul all these kids around. This is going to be an awful lot, but, I mean, I guess I'm up for the challenge. How bad could it be raising triplets, right? They're hungry. Oh, I'll take them down to the pizza place. Oh, gosh. Oh, man. It looks like three of them really do love pizza. All right, girls, so let's go down to pizza palace and have ourselves some 08:30. A.m. Pizza? That's normal, right? Oh, my gosh. Look at them. They're just crawling around. Come on, Mary. I will pick you up. And I wonder if I could pick up all three of them at the same time. 

I need a stroller or something. Triplets is a lot of work, and I've literally only had them for two minutes. Okay, sir, I will order. Oh, no, she's crying. Let me hold Holly. Girls, it doesn't seem like it is letting me order pizza right now, so how about we make our way onto my house? I'm pretty sure I have baby food in the fridge. Come on. No time to wait here. Hello. Let's go back to my car, and we will head home, and I'll make you food there because kind of rude. That piece of planet wouldn't serve me as a mother. This is stressful, but, I mean, it's going to be a fun challenge. I suppose I'm always up for learning a new skill like being a mother of triplets. You need to wish me luck. I have a feeling this is going to be awfully crazy. I can't believe it, guys. It has been five years since I've adopted those triplets, and time has gone by fast, and it's been crazy hard raising three kids is insane. 

But you know what else is insane? Some of you who watch my videos are not subscribed to my channel, so make sure you do that right this second. And turn on those Bell notifications so you don't miss anything that I post. So oh, my goodness. You've got to look at the time. It's almost time for the girls skateboarding lessons. I got to go wake them up. I got to make sure they're wait a minute, girls. They're not in their bedroom. Okay, that's super, super weird. Where could they be? I mean, they have skateboarding lessons. Aren't they excited? They got to go. They're going to be late. And I hate to spoil it, but the skateboard teacher is actually me, so they're not really going to be late, but whatever. It is time for their oh, my gosh. Look at them. They are being crazy just running around the pool. Girls, that is not safe. Stop running, please. Because what if one of them trips and breaks an ankle or falls into a pool and drowns? 

None of that is good. Guys, I taught you all about pool safety. What exactly is going on here? At least Daisy is relaxing in the chair, and Holly's just hanging out, trying to work on her tan. But Mary, she's the wild one. She is always running around. Look, girls, it's time for skating. Look, look. I even brought my good old fashioned skateboard out here to teach you guys some new tricks. Daisy is excited. Yay. Minute, Mary's. Like eh and holly thing. EW. Oh, man. Having three personalities to cater to is really, really hard. Guys, you got to believe me. Yeah, remember? You were so excited. Oh, Deeze is excited to try. She's kind of a little daredevil, if you ask me, but okay, girls, how about we circle up here? Come on. Hang over here with your good old mom and watch me teach you some cool tricks. Wait a minute. Mary's nervous, and I understand I was super nervous to you when I first learned, but then I was having so much fun doing all those kick flips and things like that. 

You can do it, Mary. I have faith in you. Oh, Daisy, look. She is running over towards the board. Can kids skateboard? Is this something I should be teaching five year olds to be doing? Well, at least maybe you could watch me do some tricks. I don't know. Here you go. Whoa. You're grooving. You're doing kick flip. Maybe I'm not as good on a skateboarder as I thought I was. Maybe I should have Shane teach these girls how to skateboard. But actually, maybe not, because last time he was on his skateboard, he fell off and baroque his elbow, which was really, really sad. But these girls are so cute. They're like, Careful, Mom. All but Mary's trying to get my attention. Yes, Mary. Watch this. Uhoh oh. No. Oh. Whoa. Be careful. You're jumping super, super high. Holly's telling her to do a backflip. 
 
Holly I don't know if she should be doing a backflip. I don't know if my pool is deep enough for that. Hey, mom. Yes, Mary? What's going on? What are my karate lessons? Oh, yikes. I forgot about karate too. Oh, she said she wants to learn high kicks. Yeah, that's right. I totally forgot that I also signed her up for karate lessons. I got a full plate with these three girls, but they're really talented, so I got to make sure that they get all the lessons they deserve because who knows? Maybe Mary could be a karate champion one day. I got to go inside and get ready and also figure out my schedule with these girls. It is crazy trying to juggle three babies at once. Okay, I am super, super excited because today is the triplets birthday and they just went to bed a little while ago. But I am too excited. I need to wake them up because we need to bring in the birthday year. Woo. They are 16 and I cannot believe this time truly has flown by. It probably means I'm having a lot of fun, right? 
 
I mean, that's what they say. I don't know. It's been busy for sure. And having three girls has been more than I can handle at some points. But I wouldn't change it for the world. They are awesome. They all have their own personalities. But anyway, enough talking. I got to wake them up. Girls, they're slipping. Hello. Slowly, be heads. Wake up. It is your birthday. Happy birthday, girls. Woo. I'm going to turn the lights on. Good morning. Happy birthday. Wait a minute. You don't seem too happy. Holly's screaming my beauty sleep. Mary's just shouting, mom. And Daisy, she hasn't even woken up yet. Why did you wake us up so early? Because I'm excited. Aren't you excited? It's your birthday. I have been excited for this moment because I love birthdays. If there's anything you need to know about me, it's I love a good birthday. Oh my gosh. Daisy is a super heavy sleeper. 
 
Yeah, I'd say so. We are screaming and Daisy, wake up. Wake up, sleepy head. Hello. Time to wake up. I walked all over her head. Wake up, sleepy. It is party time. Come on. Woo. I'm ready. Are you guys ready? Wait. Saying, mom, sometimes you can be too much. Deeze asking what time it is. It's birthday time. Hello? Can't you hear me screaming? Come on. I'm just excited Mary's saying that it's rude that I woke her up. It's not rude. Come on. I was just happy, okay? I guess I really don't care about their birthday as much as I thought they would. And Mary, it's not that bad. Yeah, whatever. Oh my gosh. I'm a little upset. I worked really hard for this birthday. But you know what? Fine. Be that way, girls. I'm just going to go downstairs. Clearly, they don't care about their birthday as much as I do. It's really hard raising teenagers sometimes. They're just not grateful for all the hard work that you do, and it's not fair. 

I'm just trying my best here and just overstepping my boundaries or something. It looks like they're talking about me in the chat. Was I being mean? We need to say something. They feel bad. Well, that's good. Hey, girls, what's going on? It seems like Mary saying she's sorry. I was being rude. AW, thanks for saying sorry. Thanks for saying sorry. And Daisy's right. She's saying you were just being nice for your birthday, which is true. I am just trying to be nice and make you guys happy, just like you make me really happy. You were just excited. And Mary admits she was being cranky, and then oh, Holly, appreciates it. How about I show you your BJ stuff? I'm super excited. I've been waiting so very long to see all of this. Okay, so, Holly, come over here. And this is for you, Holly. Yay. She's super excited. 

Holly is a makeup queen. She loves it, and she loves to get a new palette for her birthday. And I got her one that she's been waiting for forever. Yay. Okay, so now, Daisy, it's your turn. Over here, over here. She is very excited. And look, your very own brand new guitar. She is a rock star in training. Guys, I am so proud of her. She has such a good musical talent. She might get it from me, but who knows? She is super happy. Look at her. She is rocking out. You go, girl. You jam. I love it. And last but not least, look over here, Mary. Your very own unicorn birthday party. I got you the new movie and the new doll and tons of other cool unicorn surprises that you're going to have to unwrap in those boxes. I hope you like it. It seems like they're all super, super excited. It is hard having three girls with three very different personalities and trying to make birthdays for all three of them on the same day. 

It is crazy. But I'm so glad. It seems like they're all super happy with their own individual things, and I just love it. There is nothing better than making people feel happy and special on their birthdays. Girls, I'm so glad you're having a good D day. But, hey, the party won't stop here. We got a lot of other things to do today. We got to go get ice cream and pizza and sushi and all the other good things, and I am so excited. But, guys, we got to get going. There is a busy day ahead of us for your first day. I am so excited because the girls are coming over today. We have not been able to spend that much time together lately because they're all grown up. They have their own lives, now and they forget about their good old fashioned mom, which, not for nothing, I'm looking good as an older lady. Time has done me well. 

I have not aged one bit. Must be all the Roblox makeup amusing or something. Who knows? But anyway, I am so excited, guys. I even bought a popcorn maker for tonight because we are watching Eunucha the Movie finally. You know, it is the bonding moment that made me find these girls, and we love watching it together because if it wasn't for this movie, I probably would have never met these girls. And oh, my gosh, perfect. It looks like Mary is here. Let's open the door and oh, my gosh. Yay. Oh, girls, I'm so excited to see them. Come on in. Hi, mom. Hey. Come on in, girls. Come on. Make yourself at home. I am so happy. Guys, you won't believe it. Daisy is now a professional skateboarder. Holly is a pro makeup artist, and Mary is an actress. I'm so happy. Oh, Mary. Yes. Dig right in. Grab some popcorn, girls. I am so happy to see you all. 

Daisy saying, It's nice to see you again, mom. We're happy to see you, too. Hope you've been well. I have. What about you girls? I know you're crazy busy, so I am so happy we can all just be under the same roof together enjoying some popcorn right before we watch the best movie in the world. Oh, my gosh, guys, this is so exciting. Mary made it to a Netflix show. That's awesome. And Holly has a million make followers on her makeup channel. Yes, girl, you get it. And Daisy gets to skate with cool peeps. I could not be more proud. You girls are the coolest. And I am so lucky to have been your mom. It seems like they're also feeling really emotional, too. You really are the best. You've taught me so much about myself, and I don't know where I'd be without you. We're lucky to have you as a mom. Girls, stop. You're going to make me cry. 

And I can't cry on camera. You guys would not like that. It's very sad to watch me cry. Said without you, we wouldn't have been able to follow our dreams. You're the best. Oh, guys, this is so cute. My heart is just, like, glowing right now. These girls are awesome. I am just so happy to see all of your dreams come true. That's why parents work super hard and try to give kids the best life possible, because they just want them to be happy and follow their dreams. And Daisy saying, you taught us so much, mom, and you supported us. You're the most supportive mom. Guys, come on. You're seriously, like, going to make me cry. This is way too sweet. Enough sweet things. Let's get to watching the movie. Come on, let's go sit down on the couch. Your old mom's going to get herself some popcorn. And we are going to watch the movie. I am just so happy to have these girls home. 

It is everything to me. And I love my family, and I'm so excited for them to be here today. Hello, everyone. What is going on today? I am super hungry, so I am on my way to grab a solid life of pizza and wait a minute. It looks like a new baby is stuck in the river. Oh. Oh, my gosh. Baby, I'm coming for you. Oh, I got to invite you to my family. Okay. Yes. We got you. Don't worry. I'll save you a little kid. All right. Oh, my goodness. I cannot believe it. I got to put this baby down. Are you okay? Oh, look, he's crying. All this poor baby. Noob, are you okay? I was so scared. Yeah, I bet. What were you doing down there? You do not just jump into the river, especially as a baby, because we all know babies are not good swimmers. He said he was trying to fish. That's not really a safe idea, because, A, you're a baby, and baby should not be fishing. 

He is definitely a noob if he thought that he could just jump in and fish. Well, I'm glad you're okay, but you should really be more careful. Yes, you're a baby and all, but you got to watch out for your safety. What is he doing out here? I mean, yeah, he was fishing, but, like, we're his new parents. I really need a bubble bath. Oh, my gosh. Yeah, I bet I bet he's freezing cold after being in that river. He's sneezing. Oh, my gosh. I have to get you to the tub, and fast. This poor baby. He is totally going to catch a cold. So, how about I bring you to my house, we warm you up, maybe I'll give you some hot chocolate, and we'll get you a nice bubble bath. And then we're going to work on trying to find your parents because what are you doing out here, baby Noob? There's got to be some new parents looking for you, right? Let's hop in my car and get out of here. 
 
Oh, gosh. I bet you've had a crazy day, baby. Noob. I can't believe it's been five years since I found that poor little noob in the river just swimming around while he was fishing. But you know what I mean? And it's actually really sad because, guys, I've been trying super, super hard to see if anyone would take care of the noob. And no one wants him because he's a noob. Which makes me so sad. Sure, he's new at the game and all, but that doesn't mean he's not a good kid. He is awesome. He's super sweet. Really, really smart and funny. But wait a minute. What's that smell? It kind of smells like something's burning. Oh, and it looks like noobsley is in my kitchen. Oh, gosh. That is not good. We got to get down here and oh, my gosh. Oh, my goodness. I can't believe it. Hey, mom. Oh, my gosh. There is a fire. I'm cooking pancakes. But it doesn't seem like you're cooking. It seems like you're burning my house down. Oh, no. This is not good. 

We need to get out of here. This is crazy. You can't be breathing in all the smoke. He said, I like it extra crispy. Noob, this is not safe for you. I got to get you out of this. We have to take your pancakes and go outside quick. We have a table out here. Come on. What are you doing? Oh, my goodness. Sit down. I can't believe it. Sure, you were just trying to cook yourself pancakes, but that was a close call. That was not good. Try them, Mommy. I guess I'll take a little seat. But look, we need to have a serious talk. I'm gonna take a portion for myself. They don't look very good. They're very burnt. Can you please sit? I mean, you're stressing me out sitting on the table. We need to talk. What were you doing in there since I was making breakfast for you all? That's so sweet. I thought you would like it. Guys, I feel really bad. He was just trying to do something nice for me. But you are too young to be in the kitchen. 

It's not safe, especially when you're not supervised. I mean, something could go wrong. Like the fire you started in my kitchen. I'm not going to get mad at him. He was just trying to do something nice, and he said But I like food. I know, but next time, wait for me. I mean, I've been working on my cooking skills, people, and I'm getting pretty good at it. So we can always cook together, and that way it's safer, so okay, Mommy. Thanks again for the pancake. I really do appreciate it that I should take a bath. Yeah, you probably should. You smell like smoke. But actually, wait a minute. No, don't jump in the pool. Oh, my gosh. That is not how we bathe. We don't jump in the pool. I thought I taught you that. He's just having a good time in there. He wanted to swim like the fishies. All right, that works for me. But, guys, I got to take care of my kitchen. It's still on fire. So how about you stay on here, Noob, and I'll take care of the kitchen? 
 
I can't believe it. My kitchen is on fire. I just remodeled it. But that's okay. Don't get mad. He's a kid, and he is bound to make a few mistakes. I am so excited because right now I am outside of the pizza shop and Noobsley got his very first job here. And I am so proud of him. So I decided, I don't know, I might surprise him at work. He'll be totally happy to see his mom, right? I mean, I love pizza, and I love noobsley. So what better scenario than to go order a pizza from my favorite little noob son? All right, let's go in. I hope he's excited to see me. I am so excited to see him. Oh, look at him. He's just working away. And I'll wait over here. Oh, he's building pizzas. Oh, look it. How cute is he in his work uniform? 

He's holding the box of ingredients. He is ready to go. Oh, but, mom, what are you doing here? I'm here for pizza and to see you. I'm so proud of you that you've got an awesome job at the pizza shop. I worked here when I was your age, and it was the best experience I ever had. And some of the same people are still working here. Hey, Marcia. What's going on? Mom, this is kind of weird. What is he talking about? This is kind of weird. You're embarrassing me. Come on, don't be that way. He says I'm serious, mom, leave. Guys, that's kind of rude. No, I want some pizza, and I'm a customer. And what do they teach you here at Pizza Planet? Training, the customer is always right. So come on. Wouldn't you like to serve your mom a slice of pizza made by yours to rule? I'll get you the pizza and then leave. Okay, guys, I did not anticipate him being so mad at me showing up at work. 

I mean, I'm just here to support him and not, I don't know, get him mad at me. What pizza? I'll have a pep of roni, please, because that's my favorite pizza. Y'all know that. And if you don't now, you do, so got it. New Zealand does not seem happy with his dear old mom, and that's okay. I'm just going to take a seat here and and wait for him. Just wait in, you know, being proud of my son and all, and he doesn't really seem to care. Oh, yum. I am so excited to eat this. Thanks so much. It looks amazing. So I'm going to take a bite of pizza. Yes, it is good pizza. Yeah, whatever. Hey, wait a minute. That is no way to talk to your mother, especially at work. That's really rude. Mom, leave. Okay, you got your pizza. 

Fine. I'm out of here. I really don't like his attitude. He is being awful to me. That pizza was just okay, anyway. Why is he being so mean to me? I mean, I'm his mom. I took him in, and I was just here to support him. Why is he getting so mad that I just showed up at work? It just doesn't make any sense, and it honestly is really hurting my feelings. He was totally embarrassed, and, like, I get it. I'm his mom. But still, your parents love you, so you don't be mean to him. Hey, mom. Hey. What's wrong? He looks really upset. And he smells like pizza. I'm sorry. I'm all sweaty from work. Not a big deal. That just probably means that you are working hard and I came here to say something. Were you trying to kick me out again? I mean, I was just out here talking to myself, minding my own business. He said, I want to say sorry for my attitude. That's really nice. It wasn't right. Yeah, you're right. 
 
Even if you get frustrated, you don't have to take it out on your parents because they don't mean it. That it was just my first day at work and I was nervous. Now I kind of understand. He was trying to act cool and be like, whatever, the coolest guy at the pizza shop. Yes, it was wrong, but at the same time it's okay. Don't worry. I know you proved didn't mean it. I'm really sorry. I kind of feel bad for getting mad at him now. Look, I'm sure you did amazing. You're an awesome kid, and I'm sure pizza store manager Rudy was so happy to have you on a staff. Said, yeah, mom, thanks for the support. Of course. That's what parents do. They're here to love you, even when you don't want them to show up at your work. However, there is one thing that I want you to learn from this. You should just be more mindful next time, because you really did hurt my feelings. I will, mom. 

I promise. Okay, good. Now I think you have to go clock out, and I'll meet you at home. And don't worry, I won't wait out front for you. Maybe one of your cool new pizza friends can give you a ride home. Enjoy the rest of your shift, and I will catch you later. I am so excited because Novelty is coming home from college today, and I am so happy to see him so we can catch up on all the things he's learning. And I just am so proud of him for getting accepted into college. That's a big deal. And he did it all on his own. All right, so I know he's probably going to be super hungry, so we got to make a meal here, people. All right. OOH caesar salad. Yes, that sounds amazing. All right, so we are going to chop it up, and he's here. I'll open the door. Hello? Hey, mom. Hey, come on in. I am just finishing up making a salad. I am so happy to see you. 

Why don't you stand over here while your mother cooks for you and we can talk and catch up all about what's going on in your life. She said I see you're still cooking. Oh, yeah, it's a lot better than how I used to cook. I've been taking cooking classes, so it is a good time. What are you going to make? Oh, chili. Chili and salad. Yes. I love it. That sounds like the perfect idea. And look, all. Mother and son together cooking. How adorable is this? I love it. But also, I'm kind of confused because frying a chicken Caesar salad. That really doesn't make any sense. How about you cook and I will ask you all these awesome questions about school? So how is school going? I wonder if he's making, like, a ton of new friends. That is one of my favorite things about going to school in college, is that you get to meet new people. 

Said school is awesome. They have a dino as a mascot. Hey, now. That's so cool. Are you learning a lot? I'm sure you are. I mean, look, you have not set my house on fire, so that's a plus. You did that when you were little. And I'm very glad we're not doing that anymore because I don't want to repair my house again. Since I'm learning tons of things. They put me in a lot of classes. Oh, my gosh. That's amazing. I am so proud. He has really grown. I mean, I don't even want to say he's a noob anymore. It seems like he's learning a lot, and that is amazing. I'm so, so proud of him. Well, look, I am so happy for you. You learned so much, and I am so glad I was able to take care of baby nube. Who would have thought? Nubes are difficult. But this one, he was fun. 

This is so sweet. He said, I just want to say thanks, mom. Without you giving me that push, I wouldn't have been able to accomplish so much. You're awesome, and it was all my pleasure. You have come a long way as a noob. And, hey, look, I almost want to say you're not a noob anymore. I mean, you've come a long way. Thanks for saving me that day. Of course. I am so happy to be able to be in your life. He is so sweet. He's, like, one of the best sons I've ever had, and I'm so proud of him. Oh, no. Did I do something wrong? That the food is burning. Oh, gosh. That is not good. Well, guys, we got to worry about putting out this potential fire. And thank you so much for watching, and I hope you had an awesome day. 

