I got the snowpiggy trap and I'm going to show you exactly how to get it. Welcome back to the channel, everyone. I'm LCLC. And today we are getting the snow piggy trap. It's really simple. There's only a couple of steps, so spawn into the Christmas map. Follow me to this kind of crystal cave area. And you want to go round the back for the first part of the snowman. You need to build a snowman. So there are multiple parts around the map. I'm going to show you you exactly where they are. So follow me. Okay, so now you want to work your way to the other side of the map, which there is a cabin, a cabin with kind of no roof or bits of the roof missing. And behind there is another part of the snowman. So we're going to head around the back there and I'm going to show you actually where the snowman is as well. So there's like a smaller ball. So if we go straight ahead, you can see in the distance there is the snowman. Now you can't actually add anything on it yet because it does it automatically. So there's the two balls that we've just picked up. It kind of creates it automatically. So what we're missing are arms, hat, the nose and like eyeballs, I guess. 

So I'm going to show you where all the other items are. Now, the next piece is in the maze. Now in the maze there are I think there's three benches. No, actually there are four benches. So look around the benches next to the bench. There's one, it's not there. Bench two is not there. So you're looking for a black ball. The black ball are the eyes and the buttons. I believe there's the third bench. It's not next to that bench. So there's one more bench. Follow me through the maze and I will show you where it is. So here, next to this bench, there is a small black ball. Pick that up. That is the buttons and the eyes. And what we need next are hat, a nose and the arms for the snowman. So what we're going to do first is go and find the arms. Let me show you where they are. The arms, which are just wooden sticks, and they are inside the cabin next to the fireplace where Giraffe is. So grab those and those will be the arms of the snowman. And now we're going to look for the hat. 

It's under one of the two trees. Now this is the first one. Now it's not this one. So go to the other side of the cabin and there's another tree that looks very similar to this. So just run straight through if it's not under that tree and to the other side of the cabin. And there you can see the hat there. So you want to click that. And we'll complete our snowman with the final thing which I think is the carrot for the nose. So Mia has found it. Big shout out to me and Louise C. There is a link in the description down below to her channel. If you want to subscribe to her as well. Or if you're new around here, don't forget to subscribe to me with the Bell notification. That way you get notified when I find out something in Piggy or any of your other favorite games. Now, you want to complete the snowman. He's not at this side of the map. We're going to run quickly to the other side of the map where the snowman is. Pop his nose on and let me fast forward this for you. Okay, so the carrot is the only item that you actually have to put on the snowman yourself. All the other items kind of complete themselves as you're picking them up, and boom, you get a nice cash register sound. So now that we've done that, we can spawn as Piggy and check out the trap. 

So let's go do that. Okay, I'm in the shop, and we're going to go to no, not Skinny. We're going to go to traps. And there it is. Snow piggy. Snow piggy trap. We're going to equip that and go and take a look at it. Okay, let's check out this new trap. I'm going to lay it down here. It's a snowman. Guys, if you need help getting this skin or the snow piggy trap, I will be livestreaming in a few hours helping people hunt for this. So come join the livestream and yeah, I think he's throwing snowballs. Mia, what do you think? It looks like he's throwing snowballs at you. Listen, listen. You can hear him throw yeah. Did you hear that? He's throwing snowballs. Yeah, guys, so if you need help, come to the live stream in a few hours. Join the server. There will be a video up on my channel soon, so you can click reminder. And don't forget to smash the thumbs up. If this helped you, subscribe to my channel with the Bell notification. That way you get notified when I am live streaming or when I release a video like this. Thanks for watching, guys. Goodbye. 

