Hey, guys. And today we're back onto another video. And today we're gonna be playing piggy book. Well, not okay, we're gonna be playing piggy because they just released season six. Now, this is not just any piggy update. This might be one of the final updates we're getting to the game. Apart from build mode, this is going to be the last main update to the game. Piggy season six. Oh, boy. Okay, up. So season six whistling winter, we got our quests here. I'm probably going to buy some new quests. And Steve don't even look like good quest. Like, get five kills on the factory players. That's like, the worst combination, I'm pretty sure. 250 piggy tokens. We got bill mode decorations here. We got a build mode skin on level six. Oh, and we got the slow, like, the slow blocks that I saw, too, on the leaks. Oh, god, this and then oh, we have a trap skin. What is that? Trap skin. We have, like okay, so we have a bill mode skin, a trap skin, alternate skin, and the actual oh, I think that's a krampus skin or something. 

Oh, that looks creepy. All right, well, I guess let's grind. I guess I'm not going to buy any of the other decorations. I'm just going to just save up for the big skin, like level eleven here. So, yeah, I guess let's get started, I guess. All right, we have reached level five so far in grinding. And yeah, we've been making some pretty good progress, except why the frick can't I buy this? Like, I'm on level five. Yeah, I was able to get the level six reward and not the level five reward, but what is this? Did mini two accidentally flip flop them? I have no idea. This this is kind of weird. But hey, look, we got an undercover doggie in a Christmas tree. That's kind of that's kind of nice. He has little antenna up there. You know, he's undercover, guys, don't disturb him. He's at work. That's actually kind of cool, but we're just going to go ahead and keep on grinding. All right, so right now, I'm at level nine right now in the middle of level nine, and we actually got to discover some stuff. 

So not only we have 250 piggy tokens, we have some bilmo holiday decorations, some Christmas lights, some icicles up there. We got the doggy skin here. Actually, I'm going to buy the doggy skin. Jaden agreed that he was going to showcase some of the bill mode decorations. So I'm just going to buy the doggy skin, and Jane is going to buy all the rest of the bill mode stuff. We also have a trap skin toy robot Robbie here, and he's like an alarm trap skin, which is really cool. So I'm guessing if you step on him, he's just going to sound out an alarm, which I find really cool. We also have a bill mode winter secrets event with a snow pile and then some fireplace. We got the slow block and the slippery block. Oh, God, we're just so close to the alternate skin. We're getting so close. All right, so for any of you guys getting stuck on the kill five or infect three player quests, here's a tip. Equip the mouthy skin, because look at this. You could literally get, like, three kills in, like, one swing. 

So, like, if I get my ultimate jump scare look, three swings. I have to infect three players. As you can clearly see, there are two other players, so it's technically impossible for me to complete this quest. But guess what? I was able to do it anyways infect three players in an infection mode. I swear, the mousy skin is so op. All right, guys, we're now going to check out some of the build mode stuff inside of the piggy season pass, since I was too lazy to get them myself, and I want to save up for the skins. But here we have the build mode decoration. So we have the Christmas lights. Here we have the fancy Christmas reef that you can put on walls and stuff. And then you have the icicles. Yeah, this is me getting frostbite. Okay, and then here we have the sleigh. And then we have the fireplace over here. Jaden said that it will be a surprise on what it does, but there's like, a settings bar here. So do you like an item from it or something? I have no idea. But we have the fireplace, and then we have the shovel event. I guess you shovel this thing up and you get an item from it. 

And then you have the slippery thing. This is a cool thing. Yes. You spin me, right? Okay. I can't sing the rest of it because then I'll get copyrighted. But yeah. My name is Spinboy. Twelve. Now you just slide on this, and then the slow blocks. I guess you go slower. Wait, hold up. Maybe you notice a different endgame. And then if you come here, we have the build mode skin. Doggy undercover. Let's go ahead and equip this. Yes, he's just undercover, everybody. All right, let me go ahead. Tell him to start. Oh, they added Ernie C three speed blocks, too. Remember how Ernie C three suggested they're being speed blocks? Oh, what the heck is this? This is cool. There's Doggy. Oh, my God. He has the satellite here. Dear Lord. So here we have the decorations. Okay, watch this. You press that, and then it's like wait, hold up. 

What? You press it. Wait, what do you do? You press these. Oh, it turns around. Oh, that's so cool, man. Doggy calls this s tier. This is an S tier. Undercover Doggy says that this is an Stier. Yes, he's just a tree all. Nothing more to it. You could also switch it to a decoration, so that's cool. And it could be an event as well. All right. And then we have the shovel block. We get this and boom, yay. We have the white key. We have shovel blocks, and now we have slippery blocks. So you could just use spin me right around. And then we have the slow blocks. They are the slow blocks. Okay, so let's get out of that. And then the speed blocks right next to it. That is fast. Okay, so this was Ernie seat three suggestion. Holy crap. That is actually so cool. 

I love all this stuff. Especially the fireplace, too. Like. Dear Lord. Oh, my God, this fireplace is actually so cool. Yeah. And then you can spin it around. That is actually nice. Okay, but this is honestly so cool. So the shovel event the slippery blocks. Then we have the slow blocks right there, and then the fast blocks over here. That is actually so cool. I love that. All right, but yeah, those are the build mode stuff to the update. Now let's go and get the skins. After 2 hours of grinding, we finally did it. 1850 presents. We have alternate skin bunny. I already saw this. It looks really cool. So it's like a feather or like a fairy bunny here, I guess a ice fairy. And then for the final skin oh, my God. Misery. Wait, misery? Is his name misery. Oh, the misery. Misery. Misery or misery? I don't know how to pronounce his name, but he's a literal, like, he's like a krampus, like Christmas skin. 

Like Santa. Oh, my God. It's like a huge Christmas mashup, too. Oh, and journal entry. We have to wait, what? Wait, there's no journal entry? Wait, what? We don't get a journal entry? Oh, man, I mean, I have 100 presents left. I guess we'll take the 250 piggy tokens. But we did it. We got bunny and measury or misery. I don't know how to say his name, but he looks so cool. But first, let's go ahead and test out the alt skin bunny. So we're going to go here to book one. We're going to go to bunny. Yes. We're going to come here, bunny alternate. So we have an iceberry bunny. Yes. Let's go. Oh, my gosh. This is like bunny, but better. Wow, this actually looks really cool. So she has, like, the feathers in the back. She has the ice crossbow. That crossbow is like, the best crossbow I've seen all day. Oh, my God. And then we have the freaking ice crown. 

She's a literal ice fairy. Listen to her theme. It sounds so peaceful in the background. And look at her ears. Miniton remodeled the ears. I guess this is the final version of bunny that we're ever going to get. Oh, my God, this just looks fantastic. I love this. Oh, my goodness gracious. All right, let's go ahead and let's go and jump scare my friend Jaden and let's go get my alt as well. Oh, my God, this skin looks epic. Okay, here we go. We're going to go and surprise them. Oh, my God. Here we go. Oh, this looks sick. Okay, does it have any emotes? Hey, look at it go. Look at buddy dancing. Oh, yeah. Okay, let me go get my alt first. Okay, so it's the normal jump scare, you know, nothing too crazy. Yes. Here's, here. Dying bunny. Ha ha. Elsa bunny. Bunny is Elsa. Oh, she does look like Elsa. 

Oh, elsa bunny. I never even thought of that. Haha. Bunny ll you're dying elf. Okay, let's go get him. Yeah, take stick me up, man. This honestly looks so cool. Elsa bunny with the frosted crossbow. All right. That is actually so cool. All right. Okay, now it's time to check out the next skin. Misery. Let's go, Misery. Look at him there. Look at him smiling over there. Oh, my God. I can already tell this is going to be a crazy skin. Okay, here we go. Winter holiday. Let's check this out in winter holiday, because I feel like it's going to be best to see him there. Look at that. He makes snow stuff on the ground. Like snow comes out of him. Where's that snow coming from? I guess from under him, I guess. I have no idea. This looks so cool. It's like a friendly version of Krampus. You know, like Krampus, but like the friendly version of it. 

This is like the friendly version of Krampus, if Krampus had a friendly counterpart. Oh, my God. What the frick is this? This looks epic, bro. Oh, my God. It looks even better in the Winter Holiday. It's Grandpas. It's cramping. Oh, my God. It's like the nice version of Krampus. And then, as you can see, he's stepping on the white snow, you know? That is epic. I love the skin. Oh, my God. Let's go and get you oh, his present. His present is glowing, too. Wait, emotes? Does he have emotes? Hey, let's go. Look at him go. Look at him bobbing his head to the music. All right, time to see the jump scare of this skin frick. Okay, here we go. Oh, another present adds on suit. Oh, that is cool. So another present goes on his back. That is so cool. 

Oh, my gosh. Misery, that is a great skin. Honestly. I love that. Yeah, that was fun. Oh, my God. Well, yeah, guys, I think I'm just going to end off the video here. This was me playing season six of Piggy. This is going to be the final update to the game. Oh. We can now see the journal entry. Some call him The Ranger. Other call others call him the Lonesome Wafer. Wait. What? The Lonesome Wafer? Does this have to do with Intercity? He appears and vanishes like a whistle in the wind. He's been spotted everywhere from around the lab to the southern desert. Around the lab? Like from Piggy book two. Apparently, rumors has it that he saved a couple of travelers, too. They say he's looking for something or maybe someone. As long as they're not looking for me, I'm all right with not knowing. I've got the whole military doing that already. K Clip I'm all right with not knowing. 

As long as they're not looking for me, I'm all right with not knowing. I've got the whole military doing that already. Dang so apparently, this Misery guy is helping people and looking for something, and the military is on him as well. Have you been committing crimes, sir? Oh, my gosh. But, yeah, this is the final update to Piggy, and I just want to say I am so thankful for having Piggy being a part of my life. I don't know what I would have done in the past two years without Piggy. I honestly enjoyed this season, even though it took me, like, 3 hours to do. But yeah, guys, thanks for watching. Hope you enjoy. Piggy will forever live in our hearts. And I'll see you guys in the next video. Peace. 

