Hello, and today I am Haymich City, and I wanted to do an after work routine, and, yes, Chloe is blocking my view, and, oh, I just fell asleep, but I'm spilling my coffee all over the place. No, but yeah, I thought I would do an after work routine, spend some time with Chloe. I don't always spend time with with her and do little shopping and stuff like that. I hope you enjoyed today's video. My shift is almost done at the ice cream shop. I just have to lock the door and clean up the store before I go home. I can't wait to spend some time with Chloe. I want to take her on a walk, and I'm also gonna go shopping before I go home. Cleaning, cleaning, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean. And I need to give the store a sweep. Okay, so the store is all clean. I am going to go home now. I cannot wait until the pizza shop opens up again. 
They've been under construction for a little bit, so I'm pretty excited for them when they open up. I want to go to two stores before I go home. I think that I'll go to the furniture shop first. I want to buy another plant. I love plants and just want more and more plants in my house, and all my plants have been doing well, so I want to buy a little sprouting plant. Just a little one. That's all I want from there. And the other place I need to go is a pet shop. I need to pick up some pet food, and I want to buy Chloe something else, too. So I need to purchase some pet food, and I also want to buy a meat play tower. I don't have a lot of room for this big tower. Play tower, too, will be good. I think that's what I'll do. So I'll purchase one of those. Oh, Chloe is going to love that I'm back home. 
I'll have to do some gardening after, but I want to check on Chloe first. Oh, hello, Chloe. She greeted me right at the door. House. Sweet. Did you miss me today, Chloe? Oh, my goodness. I'm going to check your food and water, so I'll get you some fresh water. And I just bought you some fresh food. So I'll top off your food, rinse out your water bowl, and give you some new water. There we are. Now we are going to go for a walk. Oh, look at that. She was super thirsty. I want to make supper, and then I want to take Chloe for a nice walk. But first, I want to put away my new stuff that I got. So here's my new little plant. I thought I would add another plant to my table because it looks really cute. Before I find a spot for Chloe's play tower, I do just want to throw on a laundry and also start my vacuum there we go. Just do a little cleaning so the vacuum will do its thing, and okay, so I put my plant down. 
Where do I want to put this play tower? Is there a room in my bedroom there? I fit the play tower right here. There was just enough room and I mean just enough room, but yeah, Chloe is kind of missing something like that. What do I want to make for dinner tonight? I think I want to make some spaghetti. So I'll cook some spaghetti up. Oh, that almost was going to burn there if I let it go any longer. So I'll just put my spaghetti down. But I also want a drink. What do I want to drink with my supper? You know what? Just a glass of water is all I want. Drink up my water. And now I'll eat my spaghetti. Definitely want to eat that with a fork. Oh, yummy. That was delicious. I had to do my dishes up and then switch my laundry over, and then we could go for a walk. Chloe, over to the dryer. There we go. I think the vacuum is still going. OOH, I should shut this off. And when I get back, I think I might have a tea by the fire. 
That would be really, really awesome. Let's go, Chloe. I'm sorry, Chloe. I do just want to take care of my garden before we go for a walk. But you are outside plain, so she's taking a little nap, actually. So I'll just water my garden. Chloe, let's go for a walk. It is absolutely beautiful. Beautiful outside right now. I wonder if Chloe wants to go to the park. Maybe I'll walk over to the park. Not going to lie. I live pretty far from the park. But at least we'll get a good walk in this way. I think we're close to the park. Where is it now? Oh, it's right over here. Flowers at this castle. They're so pretty at the park, Chloe. I'll go on the swing. I wonder if Chloe will play in our new tower when we get home. Oh, I think Chloe's starting to get a little tired. Maybe I should head back. Might want to take a shorter way back. Let's see if this is shorter. Oh, over here? Perfect. Yes. Let's go this way. I went the long way to the park, but we'll go the short way back. I might want a little snack, too, when I get home. 
A cup of tea and a cupcake or cookie. I'm not sure. Yeah, this was actually much shorter going this way. Let's go in. Oh, Chloe, you're so tired. Here you go. You could take a little nap. Chloe, did you see the new little plaything I got you? You could always take a nap in there. Oh, where are you going? Food. Are you thirsty again? Oh, you're hungry. You're hungry after the walk. Okay, so I just made a cup of chamomile tea, and I want to turn the fire back on and sit by the fire with my tea. I want to watch a movie, but I had to put my laundry away first, so put my laundry away, fold it up, and put it in the drawers and oh, I should just check my computer quickly too. No new emails today. So chloe, do you want to watch a movie with me? Chloe, where are you? Are you in your new little play tower? No, she hasn't thrown into her play tower. Where did you go? Wait, where are you going to go? Oh, I thought you were going to go in your play tower. Let's watch a movie, Chloe. 
I might shut this off. And what do we want to watch? Oh, I forgot. I wanted to have a snack. I'm a little hungry, so let's make let's make a cupcake. I feel like a cupcake while I'm watching the movie. Here we go. Perfect. I'm just going to enjoy my cupcake and watch this movie and then probably brush my teeth and head off to bed soon. Yeah. It was really nice spending some time with Chloe. I hope she likes the tower I got her. She hasn't used it yet. I think she's going to the bathroom, actually, right now. But yeah, I'm going to eat this cupcake up. So it was fun doing an after work routine in Meep City and spending some time with Chloe. I feel like sometimes I don't really spend a whole lot of time with her, so it was nice to do that in a video. I am going to end this video here. I hope that you enjoyed and have yourself a great day. Bye. 
