Hello, everyone. Welcome to another video by myself, Vibri. And I'm actually very excited for this video because I'm actually playing a different game other than in Blocksburg. I want to start playing different games or roadblocks, because also, I feel like there's some games I haven't played before, and they're probably really fun, and I've never given them a chance, but I haven't actually played MIP properly before. I see a lot of people play them, and I've never really played the game, but I think it looks super cool. But looking around, I feel like I'm opposite this amazing castle house, and it looks absolutely gorgeous. And in my house, it's just this. I look, there's another castle here. Look how amazing it looks. So I feel like I should actually move into Meep City, and I feel like one day I'm going to bring a Poppy over and we can have a proper, like, Lisa over here and see what it's like living in Meep city. But for now, I feel like I kind of want to start living here, maybe get, like, a good house, a good estate. And see, because even inside let me show you guys is literally empty. 
Look, I have nothing inside, so I can't even bring Poppy over right now because we would have nowhere to sleep. There is nothing in here. Although it's a nice, like, size, it's actually a good house. But looking so tiny, I actually think it's actually a very good amount of size. You could fit a lot in here. So, yeah, the only thing is that there's no doors. Is that the one thing that meepsie doesn't have? They don't have doors in between. They really noticed that before. Oh, and another thing that's really cool about meat, see, which is why it has meat in it is because you can have pets, which are called meats. If I'm being correct. I'm sorry if I'm not, but yeah, and I think that looks super awesome. Just okay. Nighttime, which I'm scared. Are you funny? But there's no one else about. Where is everyone? Can I just go to people's houses? Oh, my gosh. I can, I guess, check out people's houses, see what everything's like. Or she's got, like, a party house. She's got the X factor button. Oh, this is giving me some ideas. I don't think you can just walk into people's houses. This is a scary, like, town. Then if you can just do that, I think it has stuff for your pets. 
That's so cute. You can actually buy some cute furniture when you can look down. That's pretty good. Can I go through? You can. It's like a green screen. Oh, my gosh. It would be like where I'm filming my YouTube. That is awesome. I have to add that into my house. That is so cool. Oh, it's at the front room. It's where the TV is. All you can sit here and have your dinner too. That's super cool. Oh, this is nice. I actually really like sometimes other people's house. This is fun. Oh, my gosh. I can take stuff from them. Look, I'm just eating her chocolate. Oh, my gosh, this is so bad. I'm getting out here. Can I take that chocolate with me? Because I can as well. Okay, well, I also want to have a look into this. Oh, wait, I can't go in. Oh, yes, we can. My guide. I love being nosy. That's why that no one's in there. Can you imagine? My gosh. Wait, also, you can put a gate there so no one can come in. That's clever. No, please, I want to be nosy. Well, if I'm just going to zoom out this way and see what is in here. Right, so we've got a watermelon chair, got banana chair. 
That looks super cool. I want it to be more nosy, but they have that gate in front, which I think is actually pretty cool. I want to add that to MYS at least you don't get any strange just walking in like I'm about to do right now. Oh, look at his presents actually in their house. David's going to tell me to get out. Hello. I'm just being nosy. Oh, I found 50 claims for playing. Oh, he's changing things around. Ow. Just here to have a little look. He's got some chocolate stuff. He's putting stuff around. Got some Halloween decorations. Where's that? Oh, he's putting grass in here. Oh, my gosh, I need a swing. That's so cool. Oh, my gosh, this house. If dog, can I just live in here instead? I love this house. Oh, my gosh, look. Can I get inside of it? Oh, no. Into celebration stuff. This is nice on a swing in here too. How pretty. Oh, look. And then you can put a gate here so you can't go and see the Christmas. 
Wait, is this like a prison Moroccan? Someone dies and you look rest in peace. And there's some gingerbread cookies I would get in there. Just sort of gingerbread cookies and milk. Oh, wait a minute. Maybe he was trying to trap Santorin here. That would make oh, my gosh, he's come out. Oh, my gosh. I became him. Where is he? He's going to be so confused. Hello, sir. Where are you? Look, I am you. I have become you. To be fair, I just pretend that this is my house now because look, this is me, guys. Oh, look at the dog's hair. Oh, my gosh, that is so cute. I can have a little baby. That is adorable. Oh, okay. This is maybe really excited to play this game, actually. So I'm going to get ready to leave his house now before I think he actually kicks me out. And I'm still dressed up as him, so I'm in a good disguise. So actually I can go to people's houses and I'd be like, yeah, it's me. I'm this person. They can shout at him instead of me. But why was you in my house? And he was like, I wasn't. Look at this. What? Everything looks like it looks super cool. You go fishing, which is girls doing over here, and you have everyone's estates around here. 
Everything looks super cool. And you can even have these little tiny little babies, which I think is so cute. Oh, my gosh, someone's dancing over towards me. I think this looks pretty awesome. Well, they have like, trailer parks here or they'll have one of the castles again. Oh, I like this house. I'm just going to go that person's going to people's houses. See, I can go in here too. Oh, this is nice. Oh, this is big. Do you get all the same layouts then, or? We got some pizza. Can I take a slice? Yes, I can. Yum. Okay. And then it's like a pie place. I think people in meets that usually have pies. Why? They always have prisons in here, too. That's where they're going to keep the singers. The singer is going to be in their prison. I don't understand. Then we have a front room in here. Seems to be lots of puppies. People love puppies in meats tea, which I can't mind. I do too. Now I'm just going to eat my pizza in my disguise. 
I'm actually going to return back to what I look like because I miss what I look like. I'm back. And I'm better. This is like a Christmas house. Okay, let me go and find where my house is again, because I know you think is I'm going to get lost. Where was my house? I know it's next to two castles. There's an Egloo here. Oh, wait, maybe it was down here. Maybe. Yes, there is. There's my house. I found it. Oh, it was showing me where it was that if you go back, they have like a little red line there. That's cool. Then I know I can never get lost. So this is my house so far. It's pretty small. And since I'm going to be moving in here with Poppy, I feel like I should probably buy it's a new house, which I'm very excited for. So you guys want to come with me? We're going to start decorating our house and seeing what Mixy is all about. And I don't think you can decorate it here. Oh, wait, you can. What's this? There you go. You can do estates. We can do some home improvement. We can see what state it has. 
Okay, what ones do we have here? We can get a small state, which is that the one I have ready? I'm not sure. We have a trailer estate, a medium estate. That's quite nice. Just like a simple home. I actually like that we have a large estate. That's pretty cute too. And I'm guessing you can change the color of it. You can have igloo we can have a castle. Gingerbread. A two story townhouse estate. I like that. A party estate or a Victorian estate? Oh, I don't know what to go for, guys. As you know, I'm going to go big. Let's go big. Go. Just go for the townhouse estate. That's why I want to I can impress my friends with this big two story estate if I feel really cute. I think I want to get that. Oh, my gosh. Wait, how do I change my house? I don't know how to change it. Okay, so it should be this one. Let's load this one. Oh, my gosh. Look at it. Yes. Oh, this is the house I was going to go for. So that one's well cute. This is the house I went for instead, and it looks adorable. 
I actually do love it. Right, here we are. Hello, penguin. I would like to buy some paint, please. I think we're going to go for pink, and some whites would be nice, please. Anything else? We can always come back anyway. Let me see. Or they have flooring so I can do what flooring I want. This would be nice for a bathroom. The floor is lava. That would keep people away from my property at least. How about wallpaper, boys? All these are nice. I like the pink stripes. I'm going to go for one of those. But next up, I'm going to look at the furniture store and see if there's anything that I can buy. I don't know if this where you actually have to buy everything, but this is a wolf. I don't think they have animals. All the candy pack, all sort of these stuff that they have. You can get a candy bed. You can get lollipops. You can get a donut window. Oh, these are really nice. You can get seats. I like how this is very different. This is different to other games I play books, book. 
This is more like it's not as realistic, but do you like that you get print to school? Diamonds? I might get that for Poppy. I feel like Poppy would like that. I must have buy some diamonds in a mirror. Okay, guys, welcome back. I've literally spent particularly all of my money buying furniture. And I also bought myself a meat. When I call it meat meat. I don't know why. Guys, I just went crazy. Okay. I love going into new games and finding stuff, but I also just decorated the outside of my house. This is what it looks like, and I think it looks super awesome. I like the color of it. I love how colorful this city is. It's so pretty and yeah. So if I'm now going to head inside, see what inside looks like this. Stairs. It does have stairs as well. Okay, so oh, my gosh, she's scary. I don't mind if it has, like they look scary as an empty going down the basement. So I guess it's what all the walls look like. Oh, my God. These are big spaces. I only have a bit of furniture. I don't know how much you're going to dress all of these up. I don't know where to put everything. I'm actually super scared for this. 
Would this be a bathroom? What would this be? I don't know where to put things. Guys, this is confusing. I'm going to need your help a lot with this. Let me go upstairs and see what it looks like up there. So we have all one ginormous room here, another ginormous room in here. And what is in here? Another room. Another room and then another. Well, this one's even bigger. What do I put in here? This could be like a party room. Oh, my gosh. The meepsy houses are like incredibly large. Like, wow. Maybe this part can be the kitchen. That's what I'm thinking. So kitchen in here and the upstairs in here. And then this would be like the front room area. This would be like the hallway. I'm just trying to think about how to do everything because I am completely confused. I am not good at this at all. Let me kind of do a carp in here. Maybe this just should stay wooden for now. Yeah. And then I have no idea what to do in here. 
Literally no clue. Looks quite cute. That color when you walk in is straight away it's pink. I think this is what you expect from my pink house. But for now, I'm just going to make everything kind of like a pink color just because it makes it a bit easier. I think it's like a really colorful I also have a colorful house. And this is what we're supposed to be doing anyway, have a colorful house. So let's kind of put these pink everywhere. And then I guess some of these are rooms. I might make this into the bathroom. So this would be like a bathroom area. And then in here, maybe I will make maybe this can be one of them. Can be like Poppy's playroom. So maybe this can be her playroom because I quite like that. And then maybe opposite will be her room. She can have some stripes and that looks cute. And then my room can be or maybe this should have been her playroom. Actually, let me switch these. This is her play room. And then this is going to be my room. For my room's opposite, let me place what would be in my room. 
I'll go for a blue. I quite like a blue. So blue will be mine. And then this pink will be poppies. And then this is her play room. And then bathroom. I have no idea what's going to go in here. Party room. I have no idea. Maybe you can just close this room and be like, remember how cool I was? Cool. I have no idea where I'm but I'll make it yellow. For now. I think that looks pretty nice. I guess now we can start putting some. Actually, let me put oops. I didn't mean to make that pink. Poppy's room will also be pink, like a little bubble gum. I'm going to make everything pink just because it's easier for me. I'm sorry you guys don't like my taste, but I feel like with meep seat, they want you to be colorful gay, and I'm embracing that right now. Hello, everyone. Welcome back. I've just finished decorating everything. It's taken me a long time, but I want to make sure it looks nice, although I feel like I need your help with improvement, so please let me know in the comment section below how to decorate my house or how to even decorate anything. I'm still new to the mixing, and I would love to help, but I'll give you guys a little tour of what I've done. 
Now, I've used, like, the striped wall kind of basically as everything, just like the setting wallpaper for the entire house. But I've made this area right here, the front room. So it's still quite empty here, but I kind of like in here, we've got a little sit down area. I can sit here. Do have a table if I can find it at some point. I've got fireplace, got the TV. I put windows everywhere just to give it to them, open some daylight, which I actually really like in here. And then opposite the front room is the kitchen areas. I'm actually very proud. I think the kitchen looks really nice in here. And I've got pizza, which you can eat forever. I'm not going to show up in the baby chair, but that is for Poppy. Okay, yeah. I just sit here. I can enjoy my delicious pizza. Yeah. This is basically the entire kitchen. Also my meat. Just pours me everywhere. I'm actually a bit scared. Look, I can't be in stalked by you. You're staring at the back of my head, like, what is it? So he knows I'm wearing a wig. This is what my kitchen looks like. 
I actually really like it. And it's the wolf hair. I've got a phone in here. Got the clock in here. I've got everything you need. A stove, microwave, toaster, fruits, and blender the sink. And then I got a little flower just to add something. I've got the fridge in here, so oh, I did have some icicles or lollipop. It's basically what it all looks like, and I really like it, and I haven't done too much else. Like I said, this is the massive space that I need you guys to help me on how to decorate. I think this meat right here would like it to be just off him. Look, he stares at me like, what? Look, I'm actually a bit scared. Like, why are you boring me? Yeah. And then in this room here, I didn't know what the point here? So I just put like the it's almost like a laundry room by point here. And then obviously I've just put a bathroom so if I have any guests around and they can use this. And I know if you have a bath you can use a sink or use a toilet, whatever is up to them. But that is basically it for downstairs. Now if I show you what it looks like upstairs. Now this is public room. 
As you can see. I put a little princess dick up here that I think is super cute. And she's got her art easel. She's got a plant. Just add some nice and windows around. A little rug right here. She's got her princess bed and then some end tables with some lights on her dressing table. A nice little sit down. It's like a little bean bag. And then it's her desk where she can be playing Meep City or just I know maybe watching my YouTube videos which she should be doing because she should be a supportive daughter. But I like your surrender room is huge. It's so hard to decorate because the rooms are so big. But yeah, this is what it looks like and I think it's pretty. I hope that she will like it. I show her it soon. And obviously is my room. I've gone for the blue kind of themes. I've got my bed, my end tables. This is where my meat will sleep. I don't actually know how to put him in bed so I don't know how to do any of this. This is my desk area where I will be filming, doing my videos. Just came through the wall. Oh my gosh. Just stare at me as well. Look, I've placed windows all around again for day that I really like. 
I think it looks really realistic actually. And I actually think it's pretty for like doing all the colors. So I actually really like this. And then this is Poppies and all these playrooms when they come over. But look at trampoline. They've got tea where you can watch some puppies. They got dance areas and balloons and they've got the ball pit area. But I know you should really, really love this. I'm so excited to show them it soon. And I like this area. And then up to sit there I will have my bathroom, the toilet, the bath, have a shower and may sink is where this place is. And then once again I have an empty room which I just have no idea how to decorate. This movie so huge. What do I put in this? Like literally maybe I'll put him in there. I think he's going to use the room to lock me up. There is like some jail bars and trust my meat. I'm scared. But that is it for my home. I hope you guys like today's video. And I'm kind of excited to start doing my own little series on meatsi and some other games that you guys want me to play, please let me know. 
Comment section down below what you would like me to play some other games, but basically for suit more. Thank you guys so much for watching. I hope you guys enjoyed today's video. Let me know how to decorate the empty rooms or anything that you guys might know about Meat. See, because you guys probably do know more than me. And I'll see you guys next time. Thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you in the next video. Bye. 
