Yo, what's up, guys? Your boy. Alpha One here. Back another banger. Back another video, guys. And guys, today in this video, it gets crazy, bro. I go to another Meat City party, bro, and it was wild. And, bro, so if you are new to my channel, make sure you like this video. Subscribe to my channel for more. And also turn on post notifications, guys, and also comment down below what you ate for breakfast today, guys. And with that being said, let's get right into the video. A, yo, a, yo, what go down at this party, though? What go down at this party, though? Yo, this party deep. This party deep, yo. A, yo, a, yo, look at her fit. Nah. Yo, yo, these females be walling. These females be walling burn. This supposed to be 2022, new year, new me, but not for them. What are they wearing? This is roadblocks. This man said, you're so flat. 
He's looking at pixel booty. He tried to get him some of that pixel booty. He called her flap. Oh, she said, thanks. He said, no problem. Hey, yo, look at her wallet. Why is she walking in front of me like that? Why is she walking in front of me like, yo, yo, why is she walking in front of me like that? Yo, she's trying to show some but look at her horror. Roblox here to go in depth. You can see the curves and all. This is a different type of party. This is a different type of party. I don't think this is the type of party I thought it was. Thought this was, like, a nice, humble dang dang. Yo, they got a stripper pole. Yo, they got a stripper pole up in here, bo. Nah, this party got it, bro. This party got it, bro. They got a stripper pole. She's doing splits on the pole. And you got my boy right here. 
He's just looking, bro. Nah, bro, this wild. This is wild. For real, bra. This is wild. Nah, this can't be Roblox. This can't be Roblox. Ain't no way this is Roblox, yo. Nah, bro, this is what Roblox doesn't turn into. So that's why Me City got, like, 80, some 1000 players playing. It because of this. She doing this place right here. This man is enjoying his life right now. Nah, bro. Exposed. Exposing, bro. Like, let me take a seat, brother. Let me ask him what's going on in his hair, bro. I got to ask him. Does he like that? Like, yo, you like that, bro? Like, bro, you like that now? 
Where you going, bro? Did he just jump? He jumped into the ceiling. He got caught in four k and he jumped into the ceiling. Yo, there's a guy doing slits on a pole now. I got to go. I got to go, bro. But she said I need bleach. Yo, I need some bleach too. Slide me some of that bleach. When you get out. I need to wash out my eyes for after I just seen. These girls are dancing to know music, bro. They're dancing. Where the music at? This audio is made by it all started not for me. The music definitely not for me. Okay. I don't know to say, I think this is how we end off a video, but at a strip club? At a strip club party, to be exact. This is wild. Yeah. I'm going to end off the video. 
Bye. Bye, guys. Bye, guys. If you all watched my last, last video, this guy right here, I told him I would pay you some Robucks when I get the chance, bro. And now I have the chance. He finally made a game pass. So I'm just recording me buying his game pass to show you all that I'm legit and that after my videos, if I say I'm going to pay you, I'm going to pay you, guys. So here you go, right here. I just bought his game pass for 500 robust guys. So just so you all know that I'm legit, it says that I own it. And if I refresh right here, it shows that I bought the game pass, guys. So, yeah, if you want to have a chance to win some Robucks, all you got to do is just join my robots group, like this video, and subscribe to my channel for more. 
