Hey, guys. Welcome back to my channel. Last week, I uploaded my very first Roblox video ever. It was the first time I've ever played the game, and I played bubblegum simulator. So if you missed that video, I will link it on screen so you can go check that out. But in that video, I asked you guys if there were any other games that you thought I should play, and a lot of you said Meet City, so we're gonna try it out. Okay, so my first impression of this place is that it looks a lot like Tune Town. If you guys have ever played Tune Town, let me know in the comments because that was, like, one of my favorite games to play when I was younger. This whole area is so similar. There's tunnels where you can go to different areas of the world. There's a pet store and even the ponds where you go fishing. It is so similar, but it's not a bad thing because I loved Toontown, so I'm probably going to love this game, too. I don't really know what I'm supposed to do in Meep City, because this is literally the first day I'm playing this game. But I have seen people get houses and decorate them, and that sounds like a lot of fun, so maybe we can do that. I actually went fishing when I first opened the game, and I already have a full bucket, so I want to go to the pet shop and sell them to see how much money we get, because I'm pretty sure if I want to get a house or 
decorated or anything, I'm going to need money. And I currently only have 250, so that's probably not enough. Okay, so let's sell my fish, and I think we're going to get 152 coins for that. Cool. So now we have 402 coins. That's probably not nearly enough for anything that I want, but it's a start. Why is there an arrow pointing to this edit avatar? What? Wait, I did not know that you can do this. I can make myself look cool. A rainbow mohawk? No, I'm naked. Wait, I took my shirt off by accident. Now I'm naked. How do I put it back on? Oh, reset avatar. Okay, good. I did not want to go back out there. Being naked. That would have been so embarrassing. Okay, so I do like all these options, but I think I just still like my outfit the way it is. 
What is this? Are these, like, little emotes? I can sleep. Oh, it's sleeping. I can clap. Why does that look so funny? Why does it look like I'm clapping? My elbows dead. Oh, I was not expecting that. That looks brutal. Oh, she's super excited. Wow, the arms in this are hilarious. Like, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. When I jump, why do my arms separate like that? What is happening to my arms? Okay, I want to see what the Plaza is. OOH, there's a pizza place, a hospital. Is this an ice cream store? Oh, you can buy ice cream. I want to get a cone. And I want some mint ice cream. Oh, wait, you can eat it. 
Look, she's actually eating the ice cream. That's so cute. What else is there? There's a cafe, Meek City Racing and Starball. I have no idea what Starball is, but I want to try the racing game. Let's do a quick race and let's OOH, let's go to this one. There's Rainbows. Oh, it's starting. Wait, I don't know how. Okay, I drive with the waste. I thought it might have been the mouse. How do I owe e threw a banana. Oh, this is so cute. It's kind of like Mario Kart. I love this game. I love this game. I love this game. Oh, someone ran over my banana. No, something's coming towards me. What is happening? Rude over on the last lap. And something's going to hit me. Something's going to hit me. No, no, no. I hit a banana. Oh, and I got hit by something else. No. Go, go, go. Heck yeah. 
My banana got someone. I'm actually having so much fun right now. Oh, my God. Oh, I got someone again. I'm going to win. Yes. First game, first place. Oh, cool. I got 150 coins for that. Okay, I'm definitely going to be playing that game a lot. But let's go back to Meat City. Wait, let's go back to the Plaza. I want to see what that other game was. Okay, so we did racing. Let's see what starball is. You need a meep to enter this tunnel. You can adopt your very own meep at the pet shop located in the playground. So it's something with your pet. Okay, well, then we'll do that later. I want to get a house. How do I get a house? Do I click on this house? Oh, teleport to your estate. OK. Did you know you can plant flowers at your estate? Click an empty plot at your estate to plant beautiful flowers. AW. I want to plant the flower. OOH, the purple one. 
Congrats on your first sprout. What are your flower to grow it faster. Then check back later to see your fully grown flower. That's so cute. Okay, wait. Let's give us some water. OOH, I like the white one. Wait, what is this rainbow flower? What does this plus mean? Is this for people who, like, pay for stuff with real money? I don't know. I'll have to look. Oh, wait, but they can grow a cactus. That's not fair. Oh, I see. I only have a tin shovel. But you can also get a bronze shovel and a silver shovel to grow these cool, like bushes with flowers on them. I want that. How do I get a better shovel? Okay, now what I want to know is how do I get rid of this basic looking house like I'm living next to a castle. My house just looks real sad. Is there anything in my mailbox? No, you can't do that. Okay, let's go inside my house. Welcome to your estate. You can start editing your home by clicking the dolly icon at the bottom. Okay. 
OOH, this is much bigger on the inside than the outside. So we have two rooms over here and two rooms back here. Okay, so we have four rooms. Let's see. Do we have any furniture that we can already put in here? Yay. Free basic furniture. Cool. I'm going to have all the boring stuff. The TV has yank hat on it. That's so cool. Wait, can we rotate this so it's nice on the wall? Okay, I'll put the TV, like, right there. I don't like this rug at all, actually. I think it's really disgusting. I don't like these colors. But we will keep it for now because we're poor. We have no furniture. Let's put the couch over here. And I think that's literally all the stuff that we wait. There's a desk lamp, but I don't have a desk to put it on. Oh, this is so cute. I want this room to be the kitchen. And then over here from my bedroom and that could be the bathroom because it's like, really small. Let's put the fridge in the corner. 
And do we at least have a table? Oh, a wooden dining table. Okay, good. We'll put this over here for now. I don't know. This looks really bad. Please don't judge me. It only gives you one chair. All that stinks. That's literally all I have for the kitchen. That is sad. We need to buy stuff. I guess we'll put this ugly green bed in the center of this room. Over here could put a nightstand. The rest of the stuff is for the bathroom. So let's put a mirror on the wall. Let's put this against the wall, put the sink under the mirror, and the toilet could go there. Oh, this looks so sad. I have no furniture. The TV is cool, though. I will say the only cool thing I have in this house is the TV. What's in this shop? Is there anything good in here? Candy pack. What's this? You can have candy themed stuff that look at the bed. Look at this bed. 
Oh. You have to buy the pack for real money. Get everything in this list, including an extra 6000 coins for 999 Robucks. That makes me sad. I don't have I literally have 23 robots. I have no money. Why they got to do that though? I don't want to spend money. What kind of decorations do they have? They have little plants, a cloud carpet. That's really cute. Why is it 500 coins? I only have 842. I want to see if I can try to decorate the living room and the kitchen today. I definitely want a new couch. I don't really like this red one. Oop, but they have a blue one. It's 200 coins, though. But look how cute that is. Bye. Let's get rid of the couch, and we put it in the attic. Yes, let's get the oh, good decision. Look how cute this is. Oh, it's perfect. Wait, guys, look up sitting on the couch. Oh, this is so cute. This is, like, my favorite shade of bluetooth. 
It's so pretty. Oh, I really want the cloud carpet, but it's 500 coins. I'm going to buy it. I really hope this looks cute because I just spent all of my money on it. Oh, okay. It's smaller than I thought it was, but that is actually really cute. It, like, makes clouds when you walk over it. Okay, 500 coins is worth it. That's super cute. Wait a minute. How do we get different flooring? I want to change the floor, but I don't know. I know there's a furniture store in the town. Do we have to go buy it there? I'm going to go to the furniture store real quick, and we're going to see if they have anything cool, and if not, then I literally don't know what I'm doing. And you guys need to have oh, wait, there's a home improvement store. I bet that has wallpaper in it. Have I come to the right place? Yes. Paint and flooring and wallpaper. OOH, wait, what's blueprints? That's how you change your house. Oh, my God. Wait, look. It's a pink castle. But it's 20,000 coins. Let's not look at this right now because it's going to make me really sad because I have no money. 
OOH, look at the floor. Oh, we could have blue floors. I like that. I'm gonna get the pastel blue floor because that's really cute. And I just got random coins for playing. So we can also get a paint color. Maybe we should just get white. I know that's really boring, but the color of the walls now is, like, a weird cream color, so maybe this will brighten things up. I don't know. Okay, let's go home and try out our new things. Let's add the blue floor. Oh, that's cute. I like that. Let's do it in here too. Yay. My whole house is blue. It's so beautiful. It's all blue to full. Okay, so we have the pretty blue floor, but where is the paint? How do I paint my wall? Oh, I didn't realize that when you bought the couch, you could change the color. I thought you might have had to pay for that. Cool. Okay, but still, like, how do I paint the wall? I'm so confused. Wait, I can change the color of the lamp. 
Make it pink. Oh, this is so fun now. I didn't know that. Can we get rid of the green bed? Yes, it can be pink and less ugly. What about this? Can I get rid of the green toilet? No. I'm forced to have a green toilet. OOH, I can change the sink, though. Sink can be pink. The mirror can be blue. Yes, the tub stays the same. Okay, that's fine. If any of you know how to paint your walls, can you let me know in the comments? Because I'm really confused. OOH, but wait, I can interact with my refrigerator. I can get an ice pop or, like, a cup of water, I guess, or some ice cream. Let's get some. Oh, my God. There's stuff in the fridge, and I could drink this. Okay. My forehead is drinking it, but I guess that's cute. Oh, this is so fun, guys. I want to make my house super pretty, but I'm going to have to play a bunch of stuff to earn some coins. So maybe the next episode, I'll have a bunch of coins, and we can, like, decorate the whole house. The last thing I want to do in today's video is go get a pet from the pet store. 
I'm just hoping that they're not too expensive. Okay, so let's adopt a meep. Oh, it's 100 coins. OOH, wait, I think I only have, like, 90 something. How much do I have? 92. Okay, wait. Let's go fishing real quick, and then we can sell our bucket of fish, and then we can get our meat. OOH, a cyan fish. We definitely have enough to get a pet now, so let's make it pink and name it Muffin and adopt. Yay. Look at my little meat pet. All right, guys. Well, I think that's going to be it for today's video. I really like this game, so if you want to see me play more of Meat City, then let me know in the comments. If you like this video, make sure to give it a big thumbs up subscribe if you're new, and I'll see you next time. Bye, you. 
