Hey, guys. Welcome back to the channel. My name is Cupcake, and today we're gonna be playing more Roblox, and we are checking out a game called Meep City. So this is one that you guys recommended, and it looks pretty cute. I haven't done anything exploring yet, and I think I can get some cute little pets. So the first thing I'm going to do is adopt a meep. Oh, my gosh. Her meep is asleep. Meep. Her meep is asleep. And I love her outfit. Okay. All right, so I need to find myself a meep. Oh, my gosh, look at the graphics for that. Okay, what kind of meat can I find? I think I need to change my clothes, because I see everyone who has these clothes and are these people babies? Why are they so little? Okay, so adopt a meep. I want to adopt a meat so I can choose the colors. Let me see. I'm going to choose a purple meat adopt for 100 points. 
Oh, wait, let's count the list. We got to name it something, so I got to give it a cute little name. Let's name it okay, what about Peach? And if it's Peach, then it has to be, like, a peachy color. Can I even choose a peachy color? No, those are meat. Pluses, I'm just going to have a purple meat called Peach. Yes, I have a meat now. Peach. Look at her. She's so cute. Oh, that's my meep. Okay, we're leaving. There's Peach. Look. Okay, so how do I get these different? It looks like accessories that you can get for your meat, so I'm going to oh, look, she's sleeping. Peach is asleep. Okay, well, there's a bunch of people fishing here, so I feel like I should be fishing. Let's try to hit this little up. Too far, too far. Let's try hit this. 
All the fish just left. Okay. All right, again. And close. New species. I see cool yellow fish. That looks like a block. That is not a fish. Can I cast anything now? Okay, so let's try to do this guy right here. Yale, new species. Pebble, dirt brown fish. Why is fishing so entertaining? All right, so I got a new species of fish. Let's try to go all the way over here. Whoa, I'm really close. The fish is leaving. I'm really bad at this. I'm going to get this one right here. Oh, boom. Solid, bright red fish. Okay, so I'm guessing I can use these to sell. Let's try this one. Yeah. Granite mulberry fish. I am going to sell my fish and make so much money. All right, so when it's close like that bam. Fabric, cocoa, coca fish. 
All right, I got a pebble, dirt brown. Let's try to go for these ones over here. Boom. Way too far. There's people in the water. Okay, I think that's enough fishing for now. Oh, I love her little meat. It's called ice cream sundae. Okay. Sell your fish. Sell all fish. I have 231 meats coins. I am going to leave now, and we're going to go buy some accessories for my meat, and I'll make it super cute. Oh, look. So cute. They're little. They're so little. Hey. I would like something. I don't want to wear a uniform. I just want to eat stuff. I'm just going to take this donut. Maybe they sell clothes at the pet shop. Maybe shop? 
Yes. Meep accessories and meat furniture. So I don't know where I can put the meat furniture because I don't even know where my house is. But let's look at the accessories. The strawberry ice cream here, star shutter shades. So there's more pages, but a lot of these are really expensive, and I can't afford them. Look who has that. Seriously? Like 25,000 meeps. That's a lot of meats. The hungry dino is just too freaking cute. It's too cute. I'm going to get that one. We're purchasing that one. Okay. Look at how cute he is. Okay. Is it on my meat? It's on my me. It's on him. Look, he's so cute. My little hungry dino. Who's my little hungry dino? You are. Wait, how is that meat rolling on the floor if I click on I don't have any toys. 
Here's my meat. I want to teleport to my estates because I want to see where I actually live. Oh, my gosh. There's a full on neighborhood. Got to see my house. Oh, this is my house. I'm right here. This is where I live. I need to make the cutest freaking house ever. Okay, so maybe I can we go inside? It's going to be pretty sad in here. Okay, let's change the floor. Oh, I probably have to buy it. Yeah, I don't really have much stuff. I just moved into town, so I should probably just go buy some accessories for my meat. That looks like it'll be a closet. This could be my bedroom. My living room will be here, and my kitchen will be right over here. I'm already planning my space out, so it's going to be so cute. I'm going to go buy something for my meat because I can't be a terrible mom. 
And maybe I could plant a flower. Do I need to have seeds? Plant oh, look, I don't even need seeds. It just costs some money. So I only have a tin shovel. So I'm guessing I got to start with these guys. Let's do these cool ones right here. I'm going to plant this for five coins. Look at that. Congrats on your first sprouts. Be sure to give your sprout plenty of water, then check back later to see your fully grown flour. Okay, so I got to water this. Oh, my gosh. I'm taking care of 5 hours left. Okay, so I planted this one. Let's plant one of these. I'm just going to work on my house because I got to have a good environment for my little baby meep. I've earned 50 coins for playing. Okay, I got to water it. Give it plenty of water. 
5 hours left. I definitely need to change the color of my house. This little house is so cute. I'm going back. We're going to we're gonna get something for our little meep. How do you get such a big house? Look, this person has a huge house. They have, like, pots in front of their house. Oh, I can go fishing here. Oh, nice. Okay. All right, we're leaving. I'm going to go get my meep an accessory because poor little guy is wandering all day. How do you get your meat to roll? I want my meat to roll. All right, I'm going to the shop. I have 231 coins. I can buy different fishing rods, so I don't even know which one I have, but I feel like the better rod I get, the better fish I'll catch. I could do oh, my gosh. I don't even have enough for meat furniture. Oh, I have a bed. A meat bed. Let's get a meat bed. Let's get a meat bed for my little meat. I'm going to purchase that. 
Okay. And now I am going to upgrade no, I can't I can't even upgrade my rod. Well, I'm going to go fishing so I could go make more money. I think I'm going to go fishing in a different area, see if we could catch any different fish. So I'll go to the neighborhood because I did a lot of fishing here. My little meat peach is just so cute with their little dino hat. All right, get in the hang of it. Oh, the night. It's nightfall. Can you fish at nighttime? I don't know. I would think that the morning is the best time to fish, but let's try to catch this little guy here. Yay. Okay, I'm going to go sell my fish, and then let's go upgrade our rod so we can catch the better fish, because I have a funny feeling that's what needs to be done. I would like to sell my fish goods, sir. 
Sell all of it. And I would like to purchase a new fishing rod. The bamboo rod, to be exact. I'm going to buy it. Yes. Okay. I am pretty poor now, so let's go back home. I'm going to set my little meat bed down so our little meat peach could take a little get a little shut eye this night time, and we'll go to my sad little house that has nothing in it. Maybe I should water my plants. Should I water it? Got to give it plenty of water. Plenty of water. Look, the soil looks dry, so I'm going to just got to make sure the soil is nice and moist, especially since I just potted these plants. Got to make sure that the roots spread out. Let's water these bad boys. Okay, we're going inside. I need to customize my house color. 
Is there any way that I can buy hey, what are you doing? What are you doing in here? How do I lock this door? You don't come in here, creep. It in my house. Maybe I can lock the door. Lock it's. Friends only, you hear? Friends only. Okay, so I have a meat bed. Let's go ahead and place the meat bed. I want to place it. Maybe I could turn it. Why can't how come it's red? I'll place the meat bed right here in the corner. It's kind of sad, but listen, it's my only piece of furniture and maybe a PC desk or something. I don't have anything. Oh, wait a minute. What is this? To return this item. I don't even know where that came from. I have a TV, which is nice. A widescreen TV. 
Can I put it? Jesus, that is a giant freaking TV. I'm just going to leave that. There a sofa chair. It doesn't show the picture for me, but, you know, I need to furnish this house. Just me and my little neap. Oh, look. And Peach is already sleeping. I think I might need a bed. I got a sofa chair. How about a rug? We can get a nice little rug. Just makes this place nice and cozy, right? Why is my TV so freaking big? So my meep is happy. I'm happy, and that's all that matters. It's my Meep's happiness. Isn't it peach? Isn't that right, Peach? You're my only friend. Go to bed. You love peach. All right, guys, I'm going to go ahead and end this episode here. This one's a lot of fun. I am going to have to do some more fishing with my new rod and hopefully update my little meeps attire here. I don't know what this stuff is. 
Oh, wait, look. I can sleep. It's time for bed. It is time for bed. I can be dead. I am going to be happy, because I am happy that I have you, Peach, my best friend. I still have this donut in my hand. I hope you guys enjoyed, though, if you did, let me know by leaving a like on the video if you want me to continue. I think I need to upgrade my house. I don't even know how to paint my house. I feel like it would have to be outside somewhere, but I don't know. We'll figure it out. I'm still a little new to this, so oh, wait, look, he's rolling now. My meep is rolling. Yay. Yeah. Okay. He just does it on his own. Okay, guys. Well, thank you so much for watching. My name is Cupcake, and I'll see you guys later. Bye. 
