So I was playing Roblox jailbreak with a fan when I forgot to send him his Robucks and now his dad is really angry at me. 
Pee Creek up. You promised my son that you're going to give him free Robucks and because of your free robots promise, he stayed up till 02:00. 
What's going on? Fuck the thing. Ups. Welcome back to a brand new Roblox Joe video. My name is Creek and well, today guys oh my God. Guys, I'm shook, okay? I am very shook right now. Well, the reason why I'm shook right now is because I've never had a parent angry at me before now. I've done a lot of really stupid stuff on jawbreak. I've done a lot of really stupid stuff on livestream. But well, today, guys, I would send a video from a dad who is really angry at me. And he made a video talking to me, calling me out on YouTube. Apparently what happened is a year ago in a livestream, I was playing jailbreak with his son in a livestream like I do pretty much every single day. And we were live for a long time. It was apparently a jailbreak update night. And if you guys don't know, every time jailbreak updates, I do like a five, six hour long stream into the night. It's a very long live stream. I apparently just hit my exercise goal for today. I don't know how I did that. Thanks. Watch. And while apparently during that live stream, I promised him that I would give him Roblox. I don't know if he won Roblox or something or if I just told him I would give it to him. 
But apparently I forgot to give it to him. And sometimes it does happen. Sometimes it does happen, especially with these really long live streams where it goes really long. It'll be like 5 hours into the morning, like 05:00 a.m. I'll finally be going to sleep. And sometimes I'll just forget. I'll be honest. No, it doesn't happen too often, but it does happen. And well, apparently this kid stayed up all night waiting for me to give him Robucks and I did not give him Robucks. And now his dad is angry at me. So I haven't watched this full video yet. We're going to go ahead and watch this together. I watched like the first 30 seconds and it was really funny. And we're going to hop into this. So if you go on YouTube and search up Creek Craft's angry dad, here it is right here. And I got to say this guy looks terrifying. He looks like he's in the mafia or something, man. Like a secret agent. I'm a little scared. But dad angry with Creek Craft. This was a year ago. I'm just now finding out about it. So let's watch it. Here we go, guys. I'm going to go ahead and let's go ahead and bump up the quality and I'll pause the remark. 
But here we go, guys. Let's do this thing. Also, I want to say he's got the whole family, or he's got the son. I'm assuming the daughter. And here's the dad with the aviator glasses. So here we go. 
This video is coming to you from India. 
Okay. 
From India. Mumbai. 
That's really cool. I have fans all over the world. That's cool. Okay. 
And this is a message, and I'll talk properly now. This is a message to. 
Dude, I hate it when parents say I hate it when parents contact me, because I always get really scared. It's like oh, no. What did I do? Did I say something mean to their kids? Like, what did I do, man? Okay. 
K-R-E-E. Kraft. C-R-A FP. Creek. 
Yeah, that's me. 
You promised my son that you're going to give him free Robucks. 
Guys, I can't take it seriously. I can't believe somebody made a five minute long video because I forgot to give them Robucks. They were so mad that they got their dead, they can make a five minute long video. Oh, gosh. And just look at the kid. He knows what he's doing. He's like, I'm going to get that robot. I'm going to get that Robucks Creed crap. Yo, look at the sister. She looks so upset, man. Like, I have ruined her day by not giving her Robucks. 
And because of your free Robucks promise, he stayed up till 02:00 night, and he washed all your live streaming. For how many hours? For 1 hour. He was very stuck. And he expected you to give free robots. What advertisement are you doing? 
Oh, no. Oh, man. 
Oh, no. 
Oh, gosh. I do kind of find it funny that they said he watched my livestream for an hour. Like, I usually live stream for a lot longer than that. An hour is actually not that long, to be honest with you. 
You did not give him free robots. T. Look at the cheated face. You made his face look like cheated one. 
He doesn't look cheated. He looks pretty happy, actually. He knows what's going on. He's like, I'm going to get that robots creeper. I'm gonna get it simple robots. 
Why? Why did you lie? You lie because of your YouTube likes and subscribe? 
Look, I didn't lie. It's just sometimes I do forget, and I'm sorry. I'm a little bit scared right now. 
How troubled my younger daughter is. What did you do? 
She doesn't look that troubled. She looks like she's about three, actually. But okay, promise free robots. 
They expected to buy something for robots, and now they are their fan of robots, and they want me to buy the robots. You have to pay for it. 
What? I have to pay for your roblox? Look, okay, I will send you guys. Look, that's totally my bad. That's totally my fault. At the end of this video, I'll give you a $10 robotics card. Okay? All right. I'm sorry. That is my fault. Okay? I wasn't expecting a video on it, but I apologize. Okay? 
She is saying it is better to play RuneScape than to play all these. 
Conservative game methods roblox game than you Runscape RuneScape. It's better to play RuneScape. Wait, what? RuneScape? It's better to play RuneScape. Yeah, I don't know about that. Maybe in the 1990s, but I don't know about now. I mean, if you like RuneScape, that's cool. 
Why have you lied to them? What about their free robots? What is your ID? His ID is Dr. Leaf. I don't know. 
Is he spelling out his kid's Roblox? 
He added that leaf in his ID. But he has his ID and he watched you for 1 hour. You did not even give him a single robot. 
He wants one robot. Guys, I'm going to give him one robot and it'll all be fine. 
But it is not that I cannot buy robots. I'll buy him tons of robots, okay? He expected that exchange to come from you. He's your fan. I don't know why, but he is. And he was watching. 
Hey, you don't know why? He doesn't know why. He's my fan, not her fan. Dang. I kind of deserve that. I kind of deserve that for 1 hour. 
And what did you do? Now look what is happening. My daughter is saying that we better play rulescape instead of watching your videos and saying no. What was the game? 
He forgot the name of the game. He's like, Wait, why am I making this video? Roblox. That's so much. 
Roblox jailbreak official. You were in jailbreak? Fortnite. You were in Fortnite? Fortnite. Game cannot help. 
Wait, I was in Fortnite and I gave him Roblox. Wait, what? 
You were in Fortnight and you were streaming live, am I correct? And you promised robots and you didn't give him any robots? 
I don't think I was giving out Roblox and Fortnite. That doesn't seem quite right when you. 
Can'T give, why do you promise? Don't promise. Now, because of you, children all over India is asking their parents for robots. Oh, he did not give now you have to give whatever. 
Creek craft didn't give me Robucks. No, mom, you got to buy me Robucks. Dad, you got to buy me Robucks. If Creek Craft didn't okay, now you. 
Got to troubling the whole parents of India throughout India. I'm angry with you. 
I'm going to I want to point out that she's so bordering, only she's so tired. She's like, Why am I even here right now? Like, why am I even in this? I don't want to I want to go read a book, put a dislike. 
Like, in your channel. I will subscribe your channel and put a dislike. 
I'm subscribed and put it no, don't do that. Don't. Okay, don't do that. Oh, look at him. He knows what he's doing. Oh, my God. I feel like the kid made his dad do this. I feel like he's mad at me. And so he's making his dad do this. Oh gosh. 
How did you do this? You promised robots. Look at this innocent face. Now it is looking like a cheated face. And look at her. She's also troubled. 
What? 
Because of you. Can I miss the creek? Creek Craft. I want you. You have to give him one robot. Robot? At least two. 
You want me to give him one robot? Okay, I give one. I'll give him one robot. Just one. 
Fulfill your promise. One robot. How many dollars it is? I will give you that dollar separately. But now you give him. Otherwise they are going to play RuneScape. Okay. I'm very angry with you. Correct. Okay. This is not the way. Actually, I speak I speak very fluent English. I'm very fluent in English. But just to sound Indian. So that you know that we are from India. Come here. Come here. Show your face. We are from India. And we are angry with you, Mr. Creekraft. That you did not fulfill your promise. So you have to fulfill your promise. Even if you don't fulfill your promise he will still continue watching you. He's such a fool. 
Well, thank you. Wait. Just call him a fool for watching me. That's not very nice. I appreciate him watching me. That's not very nice. 
You have captured my kid. She's not her. You keep his kid, not her. 
She doesn't like you. He does, though. 
You have to want to say anything. He is tongue tight. He doesn't want to say anything. And she's saying that she'll be not watching your videos anymore and she'll be playing rulescape from henceforth. So you apologize. Channel's name is Dr. Ali Leaf. I don't know why he added that leaf there. His name is YouTube in Roblox. In roblox. It is doctor. D-R-A-L-I-L-E-A-F. So come over him and talk to him and give him a robust one. Roblox how much it is? 
One dollars. 
I will give it to you separately. But give him first. 
Okay. 
Don't make me angry. And don't make the kids angry. And don't fool them. The parents will be angry with you. Okay? 
Okay. 
Thank you. By the way, you have a good channel. I also like watching. 
Well, thank you. 
He's going to run. You can lose your home. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. 
What the I don't know what I just watched. Oh, my gosh. Okay. Let's go to this guy's roblox channel. So this is the kids roblox profile right here. Now I sent him a friend request. Oh, I'm not hold on. Okay. I had to log in. All right. Here we go. So I sent him a friend request. He accepted me. He accepted my friend request. Okay. He accepted my friend request. This is him. He was online 8 hours ago. Okay. So I take this stuff very seriously. So I'm going to send him a message. All right, I'm going to say, I saw your dad's video. No. I'm going to assume he still watches my channel. So I'm going to say, I saw your dad's video. I am really sorry I forgot to give you your Robucks. Hopefully you still watch my videos and are seeing this video live on my channel. Join my Roblox group and I will give you your Roblox. I would give him a card, but I'm pretty sure since he's in India, I don't think these work there. 
I think these are only, like, EU and US. I don't think these will work there. So I'm going to have to do it via the groups. Hopefully Roblox doesn't ban me for that, but I promised him Roblox. We're going to give him Roblox. He shows up at my house, he's like, Great craft. I told you to give me the Roblox. Also, I find it funny that he said he was doing an Indian accent. He doesn't even have an Indian accent. He just said he was doing an Indian accent. Okay, I'm going to throw in some hearts here, all right? Actually, I don't want to get reported to Roblox. Okay? I'm going to say love Creek Craft. All right. Actually, I'll just say from Creek Craft, because I don't want anyone to get the wrong message. Okay? And Sin. There we go. So that sin. We go. Looks like we're good to go here, guys. Looks like we're good to go. All right, guys. So that was the first honestly, watching that was a little bit scary. I don't like it when parents get mad at me because I feel like I disappointed them and let them down, and I don't like letting people down. That's my worst nightmare. I don't like it. 
So if I've ever forgot to give you Roblox, I'm sorry. I apologize. Sometimes it does happen. I don't mean to, like, 99% of the time. I always remembered I'll make another video. Maybe he'll make, like, a follow up video after he sees this. That would actually be really funny. But yeah, guys, there we go. Hopefully that solves that problem. I wanted to make this into a video, though, because I thought it was pretty funny. I've never seen someone like dad make a video on another Roblox YouTuber before, so I thought this would be pretty funny. So thank you guys so much watching. If you enjoyed this and if you want to help me out and not get kidnapped by that guy's dad, please, go ahead, hit that subscribe button, click the bell icon, turn on your notifications, and maybe I'll give you some robots. All you got to do is subscribe. Thank you guys for watching. Remember to use star code Real Creek when you're buying your Robucks or BC or Premium. It helps me out, and it helps me afford to give that kid some Robucks. Yeah. Hopefully they find this video funny. So thanks, guys. I appreciate it. Hopefully I don't get any more hate videos and I'll see you guys in the next video. 
All right, I'll be streaming later today for the next episode in the Roblox Gel break or Tournament. The RB battles tournament. It's going to be seating versus I fanatic in Arsenal. Don't miss that. It's going to be really epic. I'll be streaming at twelve or actually, no 01:00 p.m.. Est. Today. So about 6 hours after this video comes out, six, 7 hours from now. So subscribe so you don't miss that. And I'll see you guys in the next video, okay? Okay. All right. Bye, guys. Bye. 
