I'm gonna quickly phase through the wall really quick. It was up, boys. Just a hacker. I arrested them, and I am now level 30. I collected the guy with the five K. Bounty's. Bounty. This is hack. This is hack. He literally said this is hack when I arrested him. I'm, like, a thousand feet there. These guys could kill me at any second. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna spawn a safety camaro. Hey, what's up, guys? Nate here, back with another Roblox jailbreak video. So today, guys, we're going to be playing jailbreak as a hacker. And no, it is not what you think. I'm not actually going to be hacking and, like, injecting code into the game. No, pretty much. There's a brand new Glitch that is so overpowered that it's going to make people think that I might be hacking. As we just crashed and sent this guy off the bridge, I'm going to go ahead and arrest him really quick. He just, like, flew up in the air. Okay, I arrested him. 
So I got to give a huge shout out to my username ZIS, for finding this Glitch. You pretty much spawn a vehicle beside a wall, and you can just go in the wall. It's, like, the easiest and most overpowered no clip method to ever exist. But if you check the description of the game now, guys, it literally says, our next update may be our biggest change yet, and I tap back into the game, and I'm, like, a thousand feet there. These guys could kill me at any second. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to spawn a safety camaro. What? Boom. What the heck? I spawned the camaro, and it made their helicopter despawn. OMG. Hacks. I told you guys I was hacking. Yeah, he's stuck. And this is when I kill him with my hacks. We're in. We're going to rob the jewelry store now. But, yeah, the next update is going to be the biggest change yet. What the heck could that even be? Like, I thought the next update would just be, like, some regular update. Okay, we're running through. All right, so this criminal was trying to kill me a second ago. 
When he comes through here, he's probably going to die. I'm going to make a wall of fire that he has to go through. See if you can run through the fire and live. I think he died. Are you alive? You killed me. I killed him with the grenades. Wow. He didn't even have a chance to run through the fire. What the heck? Is brakey a cop? He's back for his revenge. Oh, my goodness. I'm going to die. No, Brakey. I turned it in. Okay, we'll be safe here momentarily. Let me grab this healing object. Okay, it's time to make the hacker mobile. Let's go. License plate hack apply. Okay, so I think Brakey gave up on trying to kill me and or arrest me. He is no longer a police officer. I think he just raged quit. Like, that was like the ultimate takedown move. Intimate air with the camaro. He probably thinks I deleted it out of the server to kill him. I think this glitch works best if you're a cop, because you could just scare all the criminals. Okay, here's some criminals and stuff in here dying. 
Well, I'm in time to arrest them all. You want bodyguards nor want you in prison. Why is Baldy here? You know what? I'm not even going to question it. I'm going to kill this criminal. I killed them. Why are there so many criminals here at once? What is going on? What the heck? No. Why did freaking four criminals come out of nowhere? They arrested three of them. Look at this guy. He's trying to retrieve the lamborghini from the jewelry store, but he can't do that. Boom. I'm in the freaking bank. The wall is not even moving. How am I going to get through this freaking wall? This does it even damage me? Oh, it damages. It damages. I'm calling the FBI. He looks like the FBI running in here. I was already here waiting for you. No. Yes. I am hacker. Look, this explosion won't even blow me back. See? Look, it did nothing to me. Is this guy a criminal? I'm going to try to push him into the wall so the wall kills him. Come on, wall. Kill him. Kill him, wall. Dang it. He just backed over me. 
He just backed over my body. He's a computer. If I were to TASE him, he would start malfunctioning and stuff. I'm going to go ahead and activate my dance hacks. All right, boys, get ready for this. Once you hear the music, that means you're going to prison. There's baldy right there dancing. Why did the taser not work? And now he's going to die by the laser. I arrested him. Good try, Baldy, but you are facing the ultimate dancing hacker. Post a comment down below what you guys think the next update might contain. Okay, we're about to do something really op with this glitch. Okay, I'm going to be in the bank already, and when the criminals come in, they're going to be freaking out. We're just going to be standing right here. I'm going to go ahead and drop some money as bait. This is probably the most terrifying sight to see. You just walk into the bank and you see a hacker man just waiting for you. Put some money on the ground as well so you think he's all friendly, so you run up to him and try to get the money, but then he teases you and laughs at you as you're dying in the lasers. Okay, they're coming in. It's kind of funny how I'm, like, the only one in the server that knows how to do this glitch. 
You know, I should probably hide behind the pillar and then pop out and TASE them. Any minute now, they will be robbing the mint. I just got to keep waiting. Hopefully, like, ten criminals don't come in here at once and start trying to kill me. Look at a hacker just sent me a friend request. Rob the bank for 1 million cash. See, there's the 1 million cash. He's not going to get close enough to the cash to see how much it is, though. He just fell on the laser and died, and I arrested his dead body. Okay, we're going to go to a new server and do this. Everybody in this server is starting to catch on. This guy's a five K bounty. He's going to be so angry if I like, no clip to arrest him. He may even try to, like, hack my account. Guys, I'm going to quickly phase through the wall. It was some boys, just a hacker running in. I arrested them, and I am now level 30. You know, I think that kind of helped. I think they, like, delayed. The police are in the building. Message I collected the guy with the five K bounty's. Bounty I'm arrested. 
He, like, gave up. This is hack. This is hack. He literally said, this is hack. When I arrested him, he thought I was hacking. I'm pretty sure he saw my character and was like, Yep, this is hack. Military. He just said he's in the military prison. I'm going to noclip through the wall at the military prison and arrest him again. I don't know if he's saying he's in the freaking military or what, but notice how it says he's a prisoner. It literally says he's a prisoner. How are you innocent, baldi? What am I? Noob, he just called me a noob. Did a hacker arrest you earlier? I didn't know what actually made you a prisoner when you went to the military prison, he said yes. A hacker arrested him. That was me. I'm the hacker. Pawky, why do you want to go in the war room? Oh, he's going in here to get weapons to kill me, probably. He wants in there to get the UFO. All right, go in there. Go in. I'm going to push him in there so I can arrest him. What is he saying now? Well, he just stole my car. I don't think he's innocent anymore. 
He just stole my car and, like, turned on the siren. See how you're going back to prison, buddy, but this time it won't be military prison, okay? There's a real hacker right there flying in the sky. What? He's got his wings, all right. And any speed hacking, he's like, you know what? I'm about to show you some real hacks. All right? Fly. Wait, let me stand on your head. Go up. What do you mean you can't I just saw him flying. Jump. Oh, he's got, like, super jump. He's got, like, a gravity coil, like, too heavy. He wasn't able to jump. Oh, here's the guy that was robbing the donut shop. Maybe I could arrest him. He's arrested. I wish I could be in the vault, like, waiting for them before they even rob it, but that would kind of kick me out, you know? Instead of waiting there, I think I'm going to wait, like, right here. Just going to wait right here. This is even scarier. Maybe I should just be chilling in the car and then pop out and arrest him. Hey, what's up, buddy? Oh, shoot. I tased him down the stairs. Okay. Yeah. The robbery is about to end. 
I hit my head on the wall. What? I just fell out of it. I lost my legs. I fell out of the map and lost my legs. Wait, what? What the heck? Okay, I think an actual hacker may have just done that to me. The Tesla is dangerous. Okay. I think the Tesla smushed me under the map, and that happened. Oh, my gosh. That Tesla is cursed. That is a cursed Tesla. What? The Tesla does not like me. Okay, we're all about to fly this out of here. What? It's actually flying. Oh, my goodness. It looks like I was fly hacking there for a second. So someone told me you can fly cars with space Q and E. Okay, now that looks a little bit more like a skateboard. Oh, I died. I died. Oh, my gosh. He's flying the car. Pick me up, hacker. This is him. This will fit many people. Why did the game censor everything I said? What? It kind of looks like this guy on the top of the car is, like, levitating and causing it to fly. Kill him. Do it. Drop the car. 
Okay. He's so dead. He's so dead. He just killed all of them. Where did he go? Did he die as well? Okay, he's over there flying around stuff. Yo, hacker, fly the monster truck. So if you remember last update video, there were windows on the top of the garage. And I was like, yeah, they're probably going to remove these if people get annoyed enough. But yeah, check this out, guys. Look what they did to the garage. They didn't even think of, like, what could possibly go wrong with it. They removed the windows. They removed them. They removed them. They did not like the idea of cops camping this. I'm pretty sure Osama saw my video and was like, nope, that is way too overpowered. Napkin Eight has made a great point. We're removing the windows from the game. Okay, so the jewelry store is open. We don't have to wait, though. We don't have to go through the top. And why is there a bench floating all the way over here? That is so okay, we're levitating. This is definitely a hacker stuff right here. No need on clipping through the wall. We look like we look hacker enough right here on the bench. Okay. We're going to go ahead and rob this. 
Okay, we're running through here. I love how you could just clip through the wall. Now make your way to the top four and find the exit to complete the robbery. You know what? I don't need to find the exit. I got the exit right here. Well, you can't spawn vehicles under here. How about on the roof? Okay, we can spawn it on the roof. Oh, my goodness. Guys, you can be protected. It just hit me. If you have the mobile garage, you don't even have to parachute down. You can just spawn a car on the roof. Like, especially if you have low health. That's probably a really smart thing to do because the car will protect you from lingering cops and their bullets. Okay, we got a ton of criminals here. We're all about to rob the bank. We also have a cop with us that might arrest. Not really worried, though. He won't arrest me. He'll probably think I'm going to, like, hack his account if he arrests me. Let's storm this. They're going to kill him because he arrested me earlier. I got a pistol. He did not drop a key card. We're done. We're done. Okay, let's go, let's go, let's go. Actually, no, I'm going to open it for them, but I'm going to go through the wall. I don't need a key card. 
I just go in like this. I think I'm the only one here with a gun. I'm going to put some money right here. So they fling, try to grab it. Don't get flung. It's going to fling. He died. I knew that was going to work. What the heck? He actually had no idea. He was so excited. I gave him money and he was like, oh, crap. The explosion, like, blew him to pieces. Okay, the cops are coming in. We got to kill them with our bullets. It's a criminal. That's like walking in midairs. Why is he so slow? What the heck is wrong with this guy? Lag. It's like he could hear me. He just said wag, like, he had to explain what was happening. Lag. I'm totally not Levitating. This is Lag. Too much script. I'm Lagging. He's, like, moonwalking backwards. Why are we in jail? Nope, nope, nope. That did not just happen. I don't know how the heck that happened. Who the heck busted us? No, no. I'm broken. I'm in prison. I switched a cop. I'm a cop with handcuffs and a taser. If this isn't hex, I don't know what this is. 
It's time to arrest criminals now as a prisoner. Here we go. Wait, I don't know if I'm a prisoner or a cop. Wait, hold up. What the heck? I'm a criminal with handcuffs. Do my handcuffs work? Does my taser work? Okay, no, it does not work. You're being arrested. I think that's the guy that busted us. Sadly, I could not arrest other criminals as a criminal. There is someone hacking in Cheater Cage. Imagine hacking in the cheater cage. He really is hacking in the Cheater Cage. What the heck? He's literally dressed as a hacker. I mean, what do you think about it? Me? All three of us. Right now. We're hacking right now. Okay. Just because we're wearing this. You see all this hacker code on us? Yeah, we're hacking. This is what hacking looks like. I'm twin. You nobody. You're actually not my twin. You're in the hacker cage, so you got busted. This is a hacker that's in prison who's killing me. How did you get busted? He probably got busted for threats like that. I'll hack you all. You know, I could probably go in here with the guy. 
All right, I'm coming in with you, buddy. You can't spawn vehicles under here. Are you kidding me? I'm gonna do it. I want to be in the Cage. That was close. They already know that. You could try to, like what's wrong with being in the cage? Okay, now I'm on top of the cage. What, no dinosaur on the loose? You're going back to the zoo. Well, guys, if you did enjoy the video of me being a fake hacker, or maybe even a real hacker, make sure to leave a like, down below and subscribe to the channel if you are new. And thank you guys so much for watching. And peace out, guys. 
