Hi, I'm Tankfish, and I'm a convicted war criminal. I'm supposed to serve my sentence in the jailbreak. Prison? But I jailbreaked. I get it. Laugh, please. The FBI is onto me and pretending to be a comedian. Welcome to Jailbreak, a game secretly created by the US. Government posing as the retarded roadblocks granny game to trick kids into thinking that committing crimes and escaping prisons are very easy. When these kids reach adulthood, there will be more tears. Tempted to commit crimes because science has proven that video games cause violence. When they do so, they will be easily apprehended by the police beating down and thrown to the prison because no, robbing a bank is not as simple as going in with a key car to some park where blow up a door, take the cash, and dip. Once they're in prison, they will be doing a pen of labor, aka. Legal slave works, and live as a government cash call for the rest of their life. Realities often disappointing, prisons are pretty hard to escape. You don't just go ahead and punch some electrical box because that's kind of suss. And guess what? You're not a Spartan. 
You don't respond when you die. Criminal scum. Have fun with your overextended prison sentence. And remember, don't drop yourself in the shower. Anyway, by doing this, the government can get free money from the forced labor of the federal prisoners. It is an elaborate plan, but they can't hide it from me. While I was escaping the Nuremberg trial, I managed to snatch some secret documents. And anybody who is not a police officer is a criminal scum. There is not a single good citizen in this place. Think of it as the choice. Surprisingly, you're not underpaid by the government. A whopping $1,500 per day, not even counting the bonuses. That's more than two times what doctors make. Is this where all my tax money went? What is this, a fascist state? I want my health care. However. Damn, it feels good to be a gangster. Which explains why the police team is severely under staff most of the time. 
Because most of the people are enjoying their thug lives. Now, the federal government pays you for getting free labor for this I mean, arresting people. So if you want even more cash, you can just go ahead and arrest people with random charges, such as downloading a music, illegally stealing their mom's credit card, jaywalking being gained. When arresting a criminal, you have to surprise them. When they're not paying any attention, you TASE them in the air. If they spot you from a fight, they will not hesitate to mow you down. Of course, you can return fire because you have the authority to kill the minorities. However, killing a criminal doesn't get you a bonus, because the government doesn't like it when the police kill someone. Because then the social justice warriors are going to start another riot. If you're a corrupt, you can also accept bribes. While you accept bribes, you can't arrest people for a set amount of time. If you want to guard the prison, don't guard it. There's no point. I mean, why would you even bother guarding a prison in which you can't even commit crimes against humanity and police brutality? 
Am I right? Let's be honest. When they remove the ability for the police to TASE the prisoners, half of the fun of being a cop is gone. Also, if they escape, you can just arrest them again and get another bonus. Infinite money, yo. But most importantly, there's no point in guarding. There's literally an orbital luncher located in the prison, which I'll get to in the next part. Kids will think they're cool and come to pick all the prisoner up with helicopters, thinking they're shooting like a James Bond movie. Other retarded cops that just somehow let prisoners escape because they don't take good care of their key cards and of their guns. The prison is understaffed because most of the cops are too busy arresting minorities. And that one synapse user who can magically open all the doors. As a prisoner, your goal is to get out of the prison. I know the law, right? This is a land of freedom. I do whatever the I want. You can't tell me what to do. Mr. President. 
To be honest, it doesn't take much to escape the prison. Only some defective brain cells and functional limbs. The government spent all the tax money to pay the cops to commit police brutalities and to suppress the riots. They didn't have any budget left to fix and reinforce the goddamn prison. Also, most likely, there won't be any cops to stop you because keeping people locked in gets them no money, and arresting minorities outside is much more fun. But the main reason why the prison is understaffed is because of the orbital lunches trampoline that gave Physic a fat middle finger and told him to because his laws don't apply in the land of freedom. The prisoners can use these trampolines to launch themselves into the hyperspace and escape the prison. And the cops can't even do anything against you because in the Constitution, it is not against the law to use a high speed projectile launcher to launch yourself out of the prison. However, if you want to put those defective brain cells of yours to use and escape the prison legitimately, here is how you jailbreak in the game. Don't do this in real life or die. Punch an electric buck to somehow get the door open, lift a fence door that is somehow not shot, and crawl through a conveniently digged ho under the fence that the police thought, yeah, it's a good idea 
to have that in the prison. Escape through a conveniently place and not reinforce sealer opening that is basically asking you to escape through it. Blow up a wall, blow a cop. I mean, bribe a cop, steal a key card or a weapon to break out. And finally, Synapse X, your criminal scum. You pretty much just go around killing random cops, try to not get jumped by them and rob places. You don't even have to feel bad for the people you're robbing because they're insured by insurance. Your goal is to raise the crime rate of the city to American standards. If you get caught, no worry. Just walk out of the prison. Again, no big deal. Consider it as some good exercises. Just relax, have fun, and enjoy the thug life. Now, the more crimes you do, the higher your bounty will be. And the higher your bounty is, the more you get paid. By who? Who's paying these criminals? It's probably the government. They're trying to make the civilians more dependent to the state so they can raise the tax. 
Oh my God. It's all coming together. Anyways, if your bounty is high, expect some cops to go full minecraft mine hunts on your ass. At this point, it's honestly better to just rename the cop team bounty hunters. This is the way. Now, if you get captured, you lose your bounty. And along with the bounty, you also lose your pride and the paycheck. But most importantly, the paycheck. It feels like the cops violated you for taking away your bounty. The bounty you worked so hard to get by spreading terror across the city. And you just wish for their death, the filthy cops. Now here's a good tip. You can find their IP by offering them fake bull bucks. And then you can send boogie men to hunt them down. Just like how they hunted you down. As a criminal, it's hard to find a good job because of your criminal records. You know, just because you have committed police genocides before, people just straight up refuse your CV and don't even bother with an interview. It is an unfair world and a waging your dead end nine to five job isn't enough to put foods on the table. You have to go and steal from the others if you want that Lamborghini. 
There is no other way. Now, there are multiple highs you can do in this game. There's a donut shop and a gas station where you mug a clerk who clearly doesn't give a because he knows that the money you're robbing isn't his, but the companies. He knows that his money is insured by the federal government and he's not going to lose a dime. He thought of his families. He didn't risk his life and he didn't try to be a hero. There's also this empty bank with no employee that you can rob with a police key card. I don't know why a regular police keycard can open a bank vault. That card is like some SCP five console master key card. Anyway, for some reason, even if you open the door with the key card, you still trip the alarm. I know logic. It's not like you blew open the gate. You open it legit, you know what I mean? Then you have to park with through a series of red lasers that somehow damage you. Wait, what? Aren't they supposed to be, like, invisible and are there to detect you? This is a hell of bad way to secure a vault. Like, just use gas or sentry gun, anything. Anyway, after Parcouring, you blew up the Volt, grab the cache at an incredibly slow speed and only brings, like, less than five k with you. 
If I were the cop, I wouldn't even bother capturing you if you just stole five k from a bank bolt. What are you stealing? $1 bills? There's also a jewelry store that you can rob by smashing windows with your fist. How? I'm pretty sure jewelry store windows are, like, really hard reinforced glasses. Your brick, your fist, your bones will shatter. And the saddest part is that the money you get from the jewelry robbery probably can't even cover the hospital bill for the injury. Anyway, let's say your Hulk, you smash glasses, you get shiny rocks, you run to the roof while evading red light. You escape to the criminal base and sell the shiny rocks and get scammed. Yeah, sure, a bunch of diamonds as big as your hand sells for less than ten k. Nice joke. Cargo train. You jump in one of the wagons from a hatch. You blow up an old door, but somehow not damaging the wagon. You steal some steel bars, you open the wagon's door, then you jump down and say some gates, get the money. I don't know how you did not break your leg from doing that. Passenger train. You're simply cleaning that people with Alzheimer forgot on the train. 
Which explains why there's no passenger on the passenger train. If you're a cop, you can also clean up the train. In that case, it's not called cleaning. It's called collecting taxes. And there's no cap, meaning that you can collect as much as you want. Museum. You blow up the roof of the museum, steal some you think is valuable, but might not even be valuable, because you are on culture to do this while avoiding red lights because you have every thorough phobia. That's the fear of the Colorado. I just searched it up. Then you realize that your dumb ass forgot to set up a rope to climb back from where you came from. So you have to open two secret doors by activating two levers at the same time in two secret rooms that you can access by completing puzzles that are retarded three years old can do, but yet takes you three minutes to complete. Because the IQ of a group is a diminishing exponential function, with the x being the amount of people in that group. This explains why the Chaos Legion has a collective IQ of something very close to zero. Power plant. You do some ammogus electrical work then you write down a conveyor belt while avoiding some lasers. Then you do another harder ammogus electrical work to get some uranium that you can sell to Kim Jong UN. 
And then you ride the conveyor again to GTFO the uranium decays with time. It's some real chemistry where a radioisotob atom decays to a more stable atom. However, the deterioration in the game is a little bit too fast. Not accurate. The uranium 235, which is the uranium we use in fission reactors, has a half life of about 700 million years. Which means that half of it will deteriorate in 700 million years. I think this dealer is trying to scam you. Also, why make the uranium decay? Just make it give you radioactive poisoning. If you don't deliver it on time, you'll probably get cancer after completing this quest. Literally. Cargo Plane you sneak on a cargo plane from the airport, steal a cargo, and jump off. You need a key card to open the back door. So if you forgot to bring one, congrats you pledged yourself. But luckily, you can find a conveniently placed key card in one of the crates. It's as if there's insider in the police force. If the cops are too late to board the plane when it's in the airport, there's a hatch on top of the plane that you can use to get in. But good luck. Because it's impossible unless you fly hack. As a criminal, you can only get one cargo box and you can deposit it at the cargo port. 
There's also a cargo ship. You get a helicopter, you yank the containers and you heat the container in the thing. I don't know why they only give you less than three K per container. Because an empty container sells for more than that. If you're a cop, you can yank the containers as well and earn cash by throwing them in water. Why? I don't know. It seems to me that this is more of a destruction of private property than anything else. Both the cops and the criminals can yank as many containers as they like until the ship leaves the boundary. There are two missile launchers on the boat that will attack anyone on site because they know that the cop will just yate their containers in the water and the criminals would steal them. I don't know what the in those containers? Drugs. Probably drugs. And finally, there's the cash truck. When the cops arrested enough criminals to two cops can start driving the cash truck and deliver the stolen cash to a random place on the map. You saw the government's going to return the stolen cash. Now it's all the government's cash now. Once the cash is delivered, the cops pull a wound, reverse car, and steal the cash truck. It ain't a crime if no one reported it. The criminals can also rob the truck by ramming the car into it to stop it and then rob it but be aware, this is America. 
And the cash truck has a minigum mounted that goes once the back doors are open. The truck continuously dropped cash even if it's empty. I know milk the of it and the truck comes along after a certain time, even after a successful delivery because taxpayers we use their tax require word. Oh yeah, there are also air drops that you can claim for money. They're supposed to be charities for starving children, but money is money. Also, you're kind of retarded. They'd even close the bag tightly and the monies keep falling out. Robbers like these are so retarded that they'll probably eventually die from drinking chlorix thinking it was milk. So there's really no point in capturing them. There's probably going to be more heights in the future updates but I can't see future so just going weekly or watch a ten minutes long video or some. To grant money fast, you'll need a private server and the bigger bank so you can steal more $1 bills at a time. However, both of those require bow bucks. 
So if you're poor half fun, the world is an unfair place. The rich get richer and the poorers get poorer. Now, with all the monies you got from robbing the rich or arresting random people, you can go and buy to Flex. You can finally go buy that Lego supercar so you can get some roblox Kochis. You can also buy a bunch of automatic weapons from the gun dealer to commit mass shooting. But in the end, nothing can beat that cuff that can arrest people from like 5 meters away, which is the social distancing distance through interdimension. You got to make sure you don't spread the COVID Am I right? To be honest, you pretty much just farm cash. You can buy things to Flex and other people who actually don't give a nobody thinks you're cool if you're flying in a jitter attack helicopter. You just have no life. Believe me, I speak from experience. Look at me, I'm still single. I don't know, I guess in the endgame you own everything and you can bully others by spamming themselves because of the insane amount of cash you have laying around at this point, cash can no longer make 
you happy. Suffering from other people makes you happy. So if you're in this terminal phase, congrats. You want a medal? Here, I have this. I wasted my life badge. Look, I have one as well. Now we're certified losers. 
