In today's Roblox video. I am the owner of my very own restaurant. Now, you see here? That is a little scary, because, guys, I can't cook. This right here is my chef, and his name is Preston. Right now, he's level one, and he doesn't really know where the stoves are, so it's okay. It's his first day on the job, and these are all the customers that are waiting to eat food. Okay, I gotta start eating these people. Go sit down, guys. It's time to get some food in your tummies. All right, Preston. I don't know what these people want, but I'm going to take their order. Okay, you're reading the menu. These people are ready. I'm getting all their orders. Okay. All Preston is cooking. Okay, we got a sandwich, a burger. Okay, these people know what they want. There we go. What did they get? What did they get? Oh, pizza. Okay, Preston over here is going at it. He's using two grills. Oh, my gosh. I didn't know Preston could cook. Our restaurant right now is actually fully booked. We have every seat taken, and this is our first day open. Okay, I got someone's food. I honestly don't know who ordered this. 
Oh, it tells me. Okay. All right, well, it's that easy. Okay, I also got the sandwich for you, my friend. There we go. I got the burger. Who ordered the burger? Okay, here you go, buddy. Who ordered the croissant? There's a croissant and the sandwich for you, my friend. There we go. And we got one more item. Come on, Preston. Cook up the good stuff. Let's go. He's almost done. There we go. What is this? We got the pizza. All right. And the pizza for you. All right, everyone's eating. Hopefully they will enjoy the food and leave a nice tip when they're gone. Like I said, guys, this is my first day owning a restaurant, so what I need you guys to do is click that red subscribe button. It's red, just like my unspeakable shirt and just like my hat, help unspeakable get to 6 million subscribers. Guys, click that subscribe button. All right, it looks like everyone is leaving. We still got one more person eating, but these people are leaving. Tips, bro. All right, I got to put all of the dishes in the sink. Oh, we got a $20 tip. Let's go. Oh, my gosh. 
We got more people already. We are? Okay. Wait, our sink is full. Hold on, hold on, guys. I can't clean anything. Come on, come on, come on. All right, put it in the sink. There we go. This is overwhelming, guys. There's all those people there, and I'm still trying to clean the plates and everything. This is embarrassing. I think we need more staff. Let's get a waiter. Let's get Bob $450, and let's also get David, and let's get Jack, because if we're going to have two waiters, we need to have two cooks. There we go. Okay, now we got business moving. This is much better. We got the waiters taking orders. We got the chefs cooking. Honestly, now I just got to be a manager. And you know what managers do? They improve the restaurant. So let's make this restaurant better. Let's add better food, more seating, and more options. Let's go shop. Okay, we are in the furniture store. Oh, my gosh. This is a restaurant owner's dream. Guys, what is this? The luxury section. Oh, snap. 30% off. How much is this? 
$70. A wooden counter. We got a cactus. Okay. A golden $140,000. Okay, we got a dishwasher. There's a well, I'm so sorry to interrupt the Minecraft video, but we just came out with this brand new blaze tiedye, unspeakable shirt. If you want one, head over to www.unspeakable.com. They're selling super, super fast. There's also a link to the website down in the description. But back to the video. I don't know. How do we want to design the restaurant? Oh, my gosh. Wait, we can just buy a whole entire theme for $700,000? Oh, that's kind of expensive, guys. Restaurant theme. Pit house, $9 million. Castle, 4 million. Oh, my gosh. We got a whole plant section. Can we grow our own food too? Is this a money tree? Oh, my gosh. It just makes cash. Wow. Not going to lie. This is a little bit overwhelming. So I am going to pick the restaurant modern theme. 
We can actually afford this one. We cannot afford the pirate one. So let's see exactly what this does. Oh, my gosh. What did it do? Okay, I'm using the restaurant modern theme, I guess. Let's go back to my restaurant. Oh, that looks so good. Look at that wood. Oh, my gosh. Look at the lights. What, bro? Wait, this looks sick. Okay, the only thing is, now that our countertops look like trash and we need more seating. It looks like Preston, our chef, has reached level two. Let's go, Preston. Let's go. Okay, so we need more seating so we can have more people in the restaurant. We can actually buy a second floor for $4,500. Wait, did I just buy that? Boy, I just bought a second floor. Snap. All right, now we need a lot of chairs. Like, a lot of chairs. I want to get something nice, though, not something too nice. $350, $650, $350,000. 
I think these right here are really nice, and I think they would fit the vibe. So let's go for these. Let's do three of them, I guess. Then we also need to get the chairs. Three of those, let's get hold on. We need more. Okay, now we got 21 modern chairs. Now we need more tables. 912, 15, 1821. We have 21 luxury tables and 21 chairs, but we actually need more chairs, because if you think about it, there's going to be two chairs at one of these tables, sometimes even four. So we're going to have to buy a lot more chairs. Two 4273-033-3639 just spent $30,000 on tables and chairs. Oh, snap. What is this? $22,000. $90,000. Okay, look, this one is just too much. We can definitely afford the high tech stove. Oh, wait, we could buy three of them, but that's all we can buy. We would have no money left. All right, we're just going by one. We definitely need an upgraded cleaning station as well, so let's buy this one for $75,000. 
We're spending all our money. The Golden Order Stand grants 5% chance food will be delivered with a golden plate. $1 million. If you think I'm going to pay a million dollars for this, you are out of your mind. But I will pay $600 for this. What the flip is this? What is this? Is this Patrick's house? Okay, I'm not going to lie. The luxury counter is nice. Wait, why did I just buy a Tiki table? No, I didn't want to butt the wrong thing. We got luxury counters, we got luxury tables, we got luxury chairs, and a random Tiki table that I don't know where I'm going to put. And oh, my gosh, the restaurant is packed, guys. All right, I just placed a high tech stove here. I know. It's literally in the middle of the oh, my gosh. People are literally eating there. We are doing furniture renovations. Guys, I'm very sorry. I'm going to extend this counter out. There we go. There we go. All right, can I replace this counter too? All right, so right here, we are going to do kind of like a dining room table. 
I'm thinking, like, basically just a table with a lot of chairs. A lot of people can sit here. How do I rotate? There we go. Look at that. We already got Mr. Fancy up in here. Look at that. Is that louis the time, bro? Now I'm throwing in the modern chairs. There we go. I knew these modern chairs would look so good because everything in this restaurant is kind of dark. The floors are dark, the walls are kind of dark, but then the white chairs just pop. Oh, my God, it's got four. We're getting bruh. All right, you guys need to calm down. Low key. Okay. This grille is insanely fast, but I need these people to leave. Like, no offense, but, like, leave. Ah, wait. I figured out how to delete things, so I'm going to delete all of this. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Okay, goodbye. Now we got the luxury counter. Okay. Then we got the brand new Order Stand right here. And then please get rid of this dishwasher and put in the high tech dishwasher. Oh, yeah, buddy. Oh, no. We need more luxury counters. 
Or we could use the Tiki table. Nah, that's going to kill it. That's absolutely going to kill it. Yo, how do we get how do we get upstairs, by the way? Oh, we can just help poured up there. Ah, that makes it so much easier. I need buy a couple more things. I need to buy some more countertops. Yes. Yeah, I will take three of those. Thank you. Loki have been buying the wrong chair. I meant to be buying this one, but it's whatever. It is what it is. All right, we got the luxury countertop going in. There we go. Looking nice. I don't know if we can fit any more people up here. Yo, look, I knew that big table was going to be a good idea. Is someone building the crusty crab next door? Oh, that's not the crusty crab. That's a big boy restaurant. Wow, that thing's like, 20 storeys. Preston, look at you. Level four, buddy. You're a little dirty. You've been working all day. You've been doing good, though. All right, let's teleport to the second floor. Let's see what's going on up here. Oh, nothing. Okay, well, we have to buy everything up here. I'm below key, running out of money. We need sinks, we need stoves. We need chefs up here. We need a whole staff crew. I think personally, we should focus on the first floor and nail this place first. 
And we also need to replace these tables because oh, my gosh, are they ugly? There we go. Now this is looking much better. Yeah, that's how it should have been. What's going on with our recipes? Can we get any better food? No, we cannot. Great. Okay, cool. So we're in this super modern, high class restaurant. We're serving, like, tacos from a taco truck. Yo, we got to unlock the croissant. Oh, there's sushi up here. Oh, steaks. High end dessert. Crab. Bro, we're about to turn into a really, really nice restaurant. Looks like everything in the kitchen is going pretty good. I feel like we might need more stoves, though, eventually. Yeah, this old boy's got to go. It looks broken. And this thing takes way too long. 24 seconds to cook a piece of food. How fast does this thing cook a piece of food? Wait, level up. We got a crystal, buddy. So now we're level two. Now we're serving hot dogs, boys. We're getting fancy. All right, what's going on with our staff? 
Okay, so we got multiple levels of staff now, bro. Look how many levels? You can go all the way up to level 90 and level 50 for cooks. Oh, my gosh. I feel like at that point, they probably turn into robots. Well, guys, I'd have to say, my first day in business of a restaurant owner not too bad. We got 94 customers served so far. We got a super, super nice theme, and I want to build this restaurant to be 30 stories tall. So if you guys think I can do it, click that subscribe button, because we are going to keep playing this game if you guys leave a like on today's video. Thank you guys so much for watching. Until then. I'll see you guys next time. Peace. Is someone building the crusty crab next door? Oh, that's not the crusty crab. That's a big boy restaurant. Wow. That's of things like 20 stories. 
