Hey guys, my name is Steviak and welcome to Sushi Tycoon here in Roblox. And your boy is going to be building a different type of restaurant. I'm going to be opening up my very own sushi restaurant right now. And I have to build the recipes myself for the customers to come in, experience the device and give them speed, cash money. Moona. Now we do have a little bit of a tutorial over here. My menu board. Right now I've sold zero dishes. So I need to get ya booty into action right now and start freaking building. So there's a few of what you need to do. There's a little bit of a tutorial right now. Says welcome to Sushi Tycoon. I see your new round here. Would you like a quick tutorial for a free egg? Yes, I'll take a free egg. What do we do with this egg? I do not know. But creating sushi start enough by creating your sushi. Choose the menu slot and begin the creation. Oh my goodness. We can actually legit create create the sushi right now. So we're going to create our own sushi. 
Okay. And we're going to choose a sushi roll. Now, a lot of the other stuff is currently locked right now. So we have to go with the basic sushi rolls. And then we get to add our very own fill in. Okay, so we get to customize our sushi. What do I add? Do I add seaweed? Okay, it's nice and green. I add some orange rice. I can add octopus. What is going on? And then throw in some is this spicy sauce? I think it is. Guys, create right now. I don't know what I've created, but I get to give it a name. Fool she. Get it. So she fool she publish and hopefully with the foolish, it will be number one selling. We're going to find out. So as I begin started burning my conveyor system. Guys, hold on. Actually I've got more stuff to do right now. I just want to say if you do enjoy this, I want to see more games like this in the future. Smash a like button down below. 
And if you aren't new in here, make sure you do subscribe so you get notified when more episodes do come out. So we have to give our restaurant a name right now. Right now I'm going to call it sadiacs sediacs full she. And then the full she is the number one selling sushi in the full she restaurant. Yeah, guys, you get it logo. We'll go with the star because your boy's a star right there. So I think we're good to go. I think we've done all the basics right now. So start with the chef conveyor here. So we have a little bit of a conveyor system built right now. Just the sunrise because it does feel incredibly dark. I get a few pennies and I can start by adding a table. Oh, I forgot about this. I forgot. In sushi restaurants, they have conveyor systems to your table so you can legit, like, eat food, order it, and it comes in a conveyor belt, and you just take it off and then gobble it up like a damn foolio. 
I forgot about this. But I've got these tables and chairs right now all looking beautiful. But I don't have a chef to make the foolishy. So we're going to start by hiring a shoeshee chef. I can't even say it. A foolish chef, which is now waiting for orders. So we need customers to kind of come in. Right? Okay. Oh, customers are right that way, boys. We have legit customers here. They're finding a seat. They're sitting down. And the sushi is being created. Now, obviously, at the moment, we can only sell false because that's all we've got. That's all we've got right now. So they're going through the conveyor systems. They go, they go down. And then what do they pick? Oh, it goes to their tables. It legit. Goes to the tables. They eat the foolishly. It literally says they're eating foolishly right now. And then once it's all done, thus it we get paid. And then we have two sold. The number one selling dish is full sheet. 
I've sold six. How have I sold six? Oh, I've got more customers coming in. Okay, this is interesting. So we need the actual building. If it will allow me. Can I not build the building? Okay, there we go. Right, that went crazy with the building right there. Holy moly. Another entrance. Another doorway. Entrance. A patio wall. An entrance for the door here. Okay, this actually build looks like pretty legit. Straight away, we'll buy a couple of, like, bits and bobs outside for decoration, which I'm liking this person's taking. This is just a study x one right now. Sunnyx hashtag foolishy. How dare they? How dare they? Right now, Roblox does not understand that the Foolish is the best sushi in the whole damn world. Right? Kitchen walls. And I can't really do much more expansions here, but my chef right now is cooking up a storm. Kitchen doors, signs. 
I got to be careful I don't spend too much money. And maybe I should also think about extending the conveyor system to a simple table. Chairs, chairs over here. Very good. Patio window, patio doorway. I've got enough to get all this set up here right when I have a virus on another wall. I still don't know what I'm meant to be doing with the golden eggs. So maybe we should kind of, like, check out what we meant to do with these. But we can hire a beginner. Sushi. Sushi. Why can't I say the word sushi? Chef? 85 big ones. Which means I then get another conveyor system. We get the kitchen mall set up so we can't run through it. Now, are we going to have a whole brand new section. A normal table here with an attached seat. Oh, this is like a little bar area, right? I get this. Attach another seat right now. Another normal table. Another seat there and another seat there. 
And then is that as far as this one goes? Oh, what am I sitting on? I'm sitting on the floor right now. You damn full. Another normal table and a seat as well. Oh, my goodness me. We got left and right on the systems are we got all different types of connections, right? Seated supports or madrakesh. Now I'm legit, actually. Poor. We could do with some lights in here, guys. It does feel awfully dark right now, but your boy's sushi restaurante is looking pretty Swiggity swag. Now, what do we do with these golden eggs? Does anybody know? The store, the sushi menu? Do we use them to create different types of sushi? Let's create a second one and see if this one can rival the foolish now. Oh, okay. The golden eggs unlocks the ability to get something new. So I've just spent two golden eggs right now to get I'm not sure what this was, but I can change the colors, which look pretty cool. I could go for, like, a white style rice. I could put some maybe squid on top, which looks really weird. 
And I can go for some nice, beautiful tarpins right now. I don't know what to go with for toppings. I have no idea. Oh, my goodness. Great. Right, let's go like this. I can put some soy sauce on the free eggs. I kind of feel like I want to save them to unlock something gals, but create this. Now we got the full sheet. What do we call this next one? Right now we got full sheet. I think we need to kind of keep it similar to Fulshi, but, like, have, like, you know, this is this is this is like this is not a normal sushi. It's a flat she. Flat she. Flat she. I've created Flat she boys. Right, there we go. Publish. Let's go. We got the full she. We got the flat sheet right now. Let's see what these damn folios are going to prefer to eat, right? We got viewing windows we can kind of get set up. We got restaurant advertisements. Best Societro bloodshed. Damn right, folks. The sidebar and extending conveyor system, ceiling support. 
Can we get some lights in this restaurant, please? I would like some lights, please. Plants, restaurant lights. Ha ha. Why does he feel like I'm about to sing a song? These lights are really weird, but it's kind of like some really cool vibes faint now, doesn't it? We have some really cool vibes, right? Basic stalls, stairs, chair things, barbie boot is. And as this complete, this whole little section just here. Yo, this is looking pretty nice. So we've already sold free of the flat sheet, 60 of the full sheet right now. Oh, there's some flat sheet coming in, boys. He's going to enjoy that flat sheet. So we need more golden eggs. And so if I was to create a new sushi, we've got the sushi menu. I need to spend two to unlock slot free, which gives me one remaining. And if I wanted to unlock now, I need the Shashimi Nairiri. I don't even pronounce these names, but I need four golden eggs, right? How do I get out of this? I don't have enough. 
Can I get out of here? I don't want to make the Sochi anymore. Or do we make another one? You know what? We will make another one. We will make another one. Right? Let's see what color we're going to go with. I want to like a different color to what we've had because we went for, like, this one or that pink one. Looks kind of nice, doesn't it? Right? And we'll go for the let's see. I wanted to be nice and vibrant. We'll go for the white rice. Oh, blue on top. Okay, we'll go with you. Okay, so this one is, like, pink. It looks like meat. We're going to call it the it looks like meat, but it's not meat. We're going to call it the meat the meat sheet. There we go. Because it kind of looks like meat, but it's not. It's for those vegans out there, but it contains animal products, so it's not vegan. Okay, ignore me, guys. Don't take my recommendations. Okay, don't take my recommendations. But we should sell quite a lot of these then. 
So wallet does what it what it's got to do? I think we need to expand the restaurant a little bit more so we can earn some more buddies. So over here, we have the club wall as well. We have the club window. We have the support pillars. We have another club wall over there. Another club wall section. Oh, hold on. We've got a lot of kitchen stuff I need to kind of build as well. So chefs, conveyor. Hire another sushi chef I can't even say it. Side conveyor system. Where is this going to? Kitchen ceiling. The sushi sorta. What is all this stuff? I've down building. We got another conveyor system going out. Oh, this is going into the sky. Kitchen lights. Yes, please. This is all going into the sky right now. And I kind of like this. More kitchen lights? Yes, we need all the kitchen lights, right? Some support pillars, kitchen side wall, more windows, more kitchen supports. Just buy it all, sediac buy it all. 
Kitchen cabinets. This is going to be the greatest sushi kitchen the world has ever seen. Right here is doing fantastic over here. So is this dude right now. And this dude over here is waiting for orders. So refrigerator, the wall, conveyor wall, all this jazz. And this is going to be an elevated conveyor system in the air, which it goes all the way up. What is going on right now? This is amazing. So get the sidewalls all set up. Let's try and build as much of this as we can right now so we can kind of finalize get the lights up and running so we can then finally see what's going down. Then let me go outside to buy that and then walk back in. How dare you. Advance. Kitchen door, interior pillars. Oh, I can't afford the conveyor gate, but how much have I got? I've got enough of the side. Restaurant floor. Interesting. The support divider. Interesting. The kitchen door, the conveyor ceiling, and thick pillar. 
Right. That conveyor at the top right now, I don't know if you can kind of see it. It's getting bigger and longer, and it's going to drop down in just a minute as well. Right, there we go. Where's it dropping down to? So we can build another kind of conveyor bar. But I'm going to need to build, obviously. First I dividing more and then oh, neon bar. What is neon bar? Right now I realize why this game is so dark and there's not much light because the vibe that we create in right now is pretty nice. The neon bar, boys. Tables and chairs. Let's go boom, boom, boom. So that third chef can actually start cooking stuff. So we've kind of got to wait for somebody to come in. We just got another golden egg so we can run like another type of sushi. What's selling really well? The meat sheet 14, the flat sheet 23, and the fall sheet 84. Okay, let's get a monitor up. And another restaurant wall design. So we're just waiting for some fools to get in. 
Set over here so we can see all these guys are coming in. So that means we well, we can build another conveyor system anyway and get this connected as well. We should then be able to see the sushi going up this conveyor system. So there it is. It's slowly coming out. And now it's going to go up the hill. Up the hill it goes. And then it's going to go through here, right up this one, the ramp there. We get the matte as well. And it's going to come down to these falls over here. I want to see it drop down. It's so dark. We'll soon have lights. Don't worry. Here it comes, boys. It's going to come down the hill right now. And off it goes. This is pretty cool. I'm liking this. So we've got a lot of stuff here that we need to build to get more kind of customers coming in again. This is a whole different section right now. Split onto that conveyor, which is really good. 
So let's buy a vase and maybe I should save my money. Or should I try and finish the rest of this conveyor gate? Wait, is the conveyors going outside again? Right. Restaurant seated and then oh, finally the lights. We can now see in here how far of these conveyor sitting until someone picks it up. Is that what happens there? No idea. But ceiling supports on a bonsai tree, the sign of the club likes. There we go. Now I can't buy this because it's like a VIP barking. You're going to spend some rubbish on that. I just bought some count here. Didn't even realize. Restaurant Salem. Another chef we have now a freaking outdoor chef. What is going on, boys? We've got a freaking outdoor chef. Conveyor systems, all this side stuff right now. Get all this phone together real quick. I'm spending money like crazy right now. This is unreal. But hold on. This is a whole new kitchen area because that kind of goes back in and then we create this is weird because depending where you sit depends on where your Sushi comes from. 
There is just so much going on right now. Not even I could freaking keep up. Does that end there? At this point? I think it might do. I think this might now end here. Interesting. The club floor, the mats over there. So let's go back outside. Oh, no, wait, hold on. What's this? What's all this about Christmas? I've already created my restaurant. Why is it telling me to do it again? Right? We're now connecting more stuff right now that I see. How much have I got? Okay, I've got still quite a bit of money that I can utilize to buy a bunch of stuff. Sidewall support, small wall. Well, let's try and buy as much of this around the edge as we can. Kitchen cabinets, the deck wall right now. Right? There we go. I can't build the deck just yet. Conveyor, engine, kitchen roof, kitchen lights. 
What is going on? How have we got so much stuff going on right now? Boys, this never ends. This Sushi restaurant right now never freaking ends. And I just need more money. More freaking money. Can you guys loki buy more Sushi? The only thing we can't do is set the price of the sushi, can we? But I'm seeing lots of customers coming back in as well. They're all sitting down. They're all chilling. We're making some serious cash money muna right now. Get some connecting conveyors and then all this advanced bar stuff is coming in next. So it's kind of crazy where all this stuff goes. I can't get over it. And how big is it? Kind of lucky at the moment. We still got a long way to go to making this the biggest, the best the world has ever seen. But this is a really good start, guys. You've to see another episode of this. 
I need to continue this. To build the best Sushi restaurant. This is our current top selling Sushi. Right now we got the full shape up and running. So let me know in the comment section down below. Smash a like button until next time. I see you also good. 
