Hey, everyone. Welcome back to another video video. In this video, I'm going to be showing you some outfit hacks. So without a further ado, let's get right into the video. For the first hack, I'm going to be doing this person's hack again because in my last video, I've misread the comment and made some mistakes. Now, for the Whimsy Witch corset, I was supposed to make it to match my skin color. 

That's what I did wrong. I think it doesn't look like my skin because of the details, but if you don't pay attention to it, it would look like this steampink corset is a short crop top. That's why I'm using a skirt to cover up the bottom part of the whimsy. Which skirt? Here's the result. It looks so pretty. It's even more prettier than how I did it in my last video. 

I'm so sorry again for misreading the comment, but thank you for commenting and sharing it with all of us. For the second outfit hack, equip whimsy which corset on 12th toggle. Next Equipment Summer Fantasy bodice now, equip a skirt to cover up the bottom ruffles. If you don't like it, the ruffles are blitching out of the skirt I'm wearing, but it's okay. 

Color it white. So here's how it looks like. In my opinion, I think the Summer Fantasy bodice is really underrated. Like, just look at this. I just read some of your comments, and I noticed that the Summer Fantasy bodice had a belly button. I mean, it's a good thing, but I just never noticed. Anyways, summer fantasy really is worth getting. For this next outfit hack, I would like to give credits to at uri royals on TikTok. This next corset hack is inspired by one of her video. 

First, equip Whimsy Witch corset in 13th toggle. Next, equip Winter Guardian bodice on each toggle make sure the whimsy which corset and fur of the Winter Guardian are the same colors. Then equip dear Dolly corset on second toggle. The corset color is the same as whimsy, which in the underbodice is your skin color. Well, if you don't want long sleeves, your hack will look like this. 

But if you want long sleeves, follow what I do. Equip enchanting heirloom sleeves. Then equip doth lowliter wrist cuffs. Well, that's it. 

It's pretty cute if you ask me. You can't really see the hand sew. If you want, you can add opposite attracts sleeves. It looks amazing. It's so puffy, but cute. Last corset hack equipped Slayed bodice on second toggle equip whimsy Witch corset and color it the same color as the Slayed corset. This is optional, but a quick Goddess of Triumph bodice on either third or fifth toggle. 

So this is the first look. If you want, you can use it like this. I recommend you adding the Steampunk bodice on 12th toggle. Again, color it the same color as the Sleigh bodice, except from the zipper. Here's how it turned out. It looks like you have a white shirt beneath. I like this corset hack a lot. Look at that. I love it. 

My favorite thing about this hack is the zipper of the steampunk bodice. Anyways, that's all for today's video. I hope you enjoyed and make sure to subscribe and give this video a thumbs up. Thank you so much for watching this video. I'll see you in my next video. Bye, guys. 

