Good morning, guys. Today I thought it would be a good idea for me to show you my everyday routine. I'm still new to real high, but I have a little bit of a routine going on now, so I can show you what a typical day is like for me. Okay, so the first thing I do is, of course, jump out of bed. I unlock my door, and I'm going to make my way over to the shower room. And the reason why I picked my dorm room is because it's so close to shower room. I can quickly brush over there in my little hair rollers and my PJs, and no one's are going to see me for that long before I shower. I always come up here and brush my teeth. You got to keep your teeth sparkly white or hello. Oh, okay. Well, you take that sink. I'll take this one, I guess. And next is actually shower time. That man just walked through fire. Let's grab this one, shower room one. 

And let me just quickly lock this. Oh, okay. He's coming in here. I guess you can have shower room one, and I will take this one and quickly. Luckily, this broadcast comes and follows me again. Well, that was a bit unsettling, but let me just say that does not happen every day. That is not part of my daily routine, okay? It's the first time I've ever seen this man. Anyhow, I take a very, very hot shower every single morning. And I know you're thinking, but you still have clothes on. But guys, they need to be washed, too. Let's turn this off and jump out of the shower. I love morning showers. I feel like they keep me so energized and ready for the day, ready to learn. So now I'm going to quickly rush all the way back to my dorm room because I don't want anyone to see me in my silken wet PJs. I'm back at my dorm now. No one saw me, luckily. And I'm sitting here at my desk, which is where I do my hair and makeup. I know you guys are probably wondering what is on my head. And these are my hair rollers. And this is the secret to my hair. Okay, I put these in before I go to sleep, and then when I wake up the next day, I take them out and then that's how I get my big volumous hair. 

And then to makeup. This is normally my everyday makeup, which is just a little bit of eyeliner and a red lip. Now let's move over to my closet and we can find an everyday outfit for me today. Nothing too fancy, I don't think, because it's only going to be a school day. I've been here more than a week now, so I've worn most of my outfits more than once. Actually, apart from this one, I haven't worn this one yet. Now let's go sketch go with it. I'm thinking a blue one. Okay, not a blue one. It's a completely different color blue. Let's stick with a safe option and just go for white. And that is my outfit for today. OOTD. And last but not least, my crown. Now it's actually time to go to school. And let's hurry up before I become late, because normally I'm late every single day, and I've actually been waking up a lot earlier. You guys told me, wake up at 03:00 a.m. Ambar. Wake up at 03:00 a.m. And I did. So yes. So this time I'm actually going to be able to have breakfast. I never get to have breakfast. So the sea. 

Let's go for some coffee to wake us up a little bit. And as for a meal, this is actually the first time I think I've seen it. Oh, no, I haven't been here before. Space cereal. Yes. Space cereal sounds good. Something glyte, not anything too heavy. Oh, my coffee already came out. I didn't even see it come out. Let's grab my coffee and wait for my space cereal. There it is. Oh, we'll put my coffee inside my cereal. That sounds like a good idea. Let's warm my cereal up. Let's go find a seat to sit down on. I normally take this one here. I don't know why. This is my favorite place to sit and eat my breakfast. If I make it to breakfast, if I wake up early enough, this is where I'll be taking a sip of my coffee. And now I'm going to eat some of my space cereal. Before class starts, I quickly need to grab a few books. I need my computer book, ink, and my chemistry book. 

I'm not going to grab any more because I don't think I'll need them for now. So I'll just come back later if I need them. So my first lesson is computer class. And I always grabbed this little orange laptop at the back of the room, the back left of the room. No, they weren't. Real quick. Oh, yeah, I came first. I'm never first in this class. I think it's because Rich isn't here. Actually, this isn't a fair, everyday routine because Rich would normally beat me in this class. Computer class is done. So now we're going to go to chemistry. I take this cue. All lift down to my chemistry class. Oh, man, I was so close. That girl was so fasted. That's the fastest I've ever seen anyone do that. Well, next class is art. 

Okay, well, I never complete this, so don't expect me to win this because I always lose. There's green there, and yeah, a green one there. Think that's like a white green. I don't put too light. This green. Probably three pink ones. A blue one. Two light blue ones. Red there. They're there. And two black ones. Oops, that's the first time I've ever won that one. I'd never win that. Oh, my gosh. I have time to paint Arthur, so I'm going to paint something for you guys. 

It's a berry. I painted you guys a berry. It doesn't really look like one, but just pretend this looks like a berry. Okay. Oh, my gosh. That's the first time I've ever seen someone with high heels on. I've never actually seen them on someone before. English finished. I did not come first in that. I'm going to quickly go to the toilet and I'll probably just turn up the camera here because you guys don't need to swing on the toilet. Yeah, you don't need to see that. Okay. I've turned the camera back on and then I'm going to wash my hands because you always have to wash your hands after you go to the toilet. Everyone knows that if P and I put on my spooliest gear and I'm ready to win. I was tiring. 

Thank you. She learned really well, too. Oh, I have a one roll available. A studious. I really want like a pretty color, like a pink or a purple. Oh, or a green blob. I wanted the green blob. Yes. I wish you could pick this. This is one thing. I wish you could pick these things. But it will do. I'll save it and you guys can see what it looks like on let me just there you go. Yellow, green and yellow. Lunch is next and I'm so glad because I am starving. Let's see what we want. Mills, cheese and crackers. Giant subs, spicy curry rice. Turkey salad and bread. Pizza, chips, hamburgers and fries. I don't know if I'm steak and potatoes because I've never had that before. 

And I'm going to get it with a strawberry smoothie. Yum. Here he is. Get my smoothie. Hey, smoothie. Okay. Here we go. We got it. And I'm going to go sit on the same table I did for breakfast. My favorite table all by myself because I don't have any friends yet. I've been here a week but I still haven't made any new friends. That's the popular table behind me. And it looks like the prince is going over to all day. Oh, he's all over. Oh, he's gone over to my table. I got play call play it cool. No big deal. Are you okay? Ah, because he kept falling over. He's trying to change his identity. Name Justin. No, you don't have to change your name. I don't care that you fell over. Okay. He's just flying away. 

No fake Justin. Now it is music and I love music class. Music class is one of my favorite classes because I can just play the piano and have fun. Here is a little number I've been practicing for quite a while. I hope you guys enjoy it. Here we go. TADA. Hi. 

Do you want to be friends? You are amazing at stuff. You have talent. How sweet of her. Oops, no, I jump back on the piano. Yes, I would love to be your friend. She left. She asked me to be her friend and then she left. I had a friend for 3 seconds. Well, I just finished swimming and yes, I did not get A. I got a B because I fell off once. You guys know I'm bad at swimming. So now school is over and I'm just heading up to my dorm room so I can do my homework or something. That has been a long, long day. I'm happy just to sit in this bean bag and regla. I highly recommend buying these bean bags. They are so comfy. Okay, ignore that. I want to. It's time to do my homework. Let's get over and done with. I'm finished. That wasn't too hard. Now I'm going to turn my homework in straight away because I always do this before I forget. 

Oh, wow. How nice is this girl's dress? I like your dress. And that is my last bit of homework I had to turn in. I think I'm going to treat myself to something. I'd worn those cupcakes, but you can't buy them, so I think I'm going to treat myself too. The rose tea blend is seen there. You can hear it being made. And then it's going to come in this little bit here. I'll wait for my order to come. I wonder what she's ordering. Here it is. Oh, it looks so cute. And it tastes amazing. I want to see what she's getting before I leave. I'm that nosy. I pretend I'm not looking. I'd shake on my tea. Oh, it looks like she got a frappuccino. Oh, my gosh, like, so hard to walk in these shoes up the stairs. 

Look. Okay. And then I'm going to go to my room. I'm going to take this zip wire and drink my tea at the same time and all ready for the dance. But I'm actually very, very late. But here is my outfit and I got a rush because I'm so late for it. But luckily it's just underneath here. I think if I just jump down here, I can fly to it. Oh, people are already there and dancing looks like. I wonder if Prince Justin is going to be here. Oh, I love this song. Oops, this is frock coffee from this morning. 

Well, the dance is so fast. I'm going to make my way. Oh, it's right on there. It's mermaids. It's a group of mermaids. We'll be discussing something. Let's get a better look. Oh, they jumped in a water. So secretive. Now, to end my night, I'm going to go back to the student prep house and I'm going to go, oh, what's going on? Like, I see through everyone's rooms, go back out and then come back in and see if it's changed. Oh, yeah, that was weird. Right, let's go shower room one and hope that guy from the school is not in there, because I locked the dodge in case he is. And instead of a shower this time, I'm going to run myself a nice, relaxing bath and actually take clothes off, because, you know, I don't want to get those ones wet. I like to take a shower in the morning to wake me up and a bath at night to relax me. All right, all done. 

Now let's go back to my dorm. And steve up. Ouch. Now, of course, I'm going to brush my teeth before I go to bed. I'm back in my dorm in my PJs, and I think for now, I'm just going to sit in my bean bag and watch some TV. And now it's actually time for me to go to bed. I hope you guys liked home with me for my everyday routine, but now it's time for you guys to leave. Good night. 

