Oh, my God. Yeah. So you might be wondering, why do you look like that? Well, as you may remember, a really long time ago, I started a series based on a one by the wonderful call me Haley, where I started over in Real High. The problem was I didn't really know what I was doing because I couldn't really remember when I first died over in Real High. And so I decided that I was going to quit Rohai, close off my main accounts, and officially on a new account that fresh in Rojai and see if we can do it. Now, as I said before, I really don't know how players are supposed to get started in Roja without spending a bunch of row bucks, but we're going to try. Okay. Look at that run, you guys. That is the run of an absolute, just, you know, person who knows how to play the game and knows what they're doing. Just 100% pro right there. Hello, wonderful little beans. 

My name is B, and welcome back to my channel. Before we get started with today's video, don't forget to leave a like, subscribe and click that bell. And of course, use that could be when buying robots or premium. Now, you guys, I am here on a brand new account, an account that has never played Rural High before. And I have just logged in for the first time into Davinia Pack. As you can see, if I go into my menu, I have only 50 diamonds. Literally nothing. I have no items other than the ones that you spawn with when you first log in. And I did add a special face and some hair from the UGC catalog just sided. It looked like a turtle bacon. But as you can see, I have absolutely no items, no things in the game, and I am only level one. Now, I'm sure you guys nearby. Now that leveling up. And getting through the game as a brand new player is not easy. Being a new player to Royal High is very difficult, and I think that is one of the reasons so many people leave fairly early on. 

But we are not going to do that today. We are going to be a prayer. So the first thing I'm going to do since joining the Mural High, of course, pretending that this is brand new. I'm a brand new person. I'm a new noob, I never played this game before, and I'm excited. I'm going to do my Daglo quest. And first of all, it says to wish into the fountain of dreams. So we are going to wish into the fountain of dreams. Of course, if I want to hear you guys, I think I would lose it. But I better not lose any diamonds because I've only got 50. If I lose any diamonds, I'm going to be really, really annoyed. Oh, hey, look. Hey. Our first time earning diamonds, Shiqing. You guys, look at us good. All right, next things that we need to do. Second thing, we need to go and we need to spin the wheel because what do you get when you spin the wheel? Free stuff. So this is probably going to be our first accessory, you guys, I imagine. Yeah. I mean, if assuming I get one, I might not get an accessory. 

But if I do get an accessory, this will be our first accessory we receive on this account in Rare High. So come on, give me something good. Blade of light, blade of light, blade of light. Oh, no. Way up. We got 500 diamonds. Okay. Slightly unexciting and a bit uninspired, but it's not the worst thing in the wild. Now, obviously with our 742 diamonds, we're not going to be doing a lot. Even like, the cheapest wings are already ridiculously expensive, so I think the cheapest wings yeah, these Crystal ice ones are the cheapest ones that we can afford and are currently the only thing that we can afford in all of Roha anyway. But I want to save up for some actual items. You guys, this is as if we are starting her there in Raw High officially, so we want to be saving for some items. So next up, the next reasonable thing you're going to do is you're going to do your computer logging, obviously, so that we could get ourselves out some diamonds. That's what my favorite color is. I forgot it does is the first time you log in. Now, I'm not going to lie to you guys. I'm going to be straight up honest here. 

I kind of understand why a lot of people that join the game probably don't stay after they first join. I think it makes sense because it's not very easy to get started in Roja. Getting started in Roha is tough, you guys. I mean, everything you get when you first start and first join the game is very low level. Things take ages to save up for. It's really not easy. So I really think that I understand why people choose to probably stop playing fairly early on, unless, of course, they have the river books to spend in order to get themselves some good stuff when they first get started because I think we're all high as a hull. As much as I love the game, it's not particularly easy to get started in this game. You've got all of this learning curve to figure out what you actually do, and the only guidance you get is those daily quests when you first join. There's no tutorial in this version of Roha, which we're assuming they're going to add what? Obviously they've said they will into the new school, but as it currently stands, there's no tutorial, no information to help you. You're kind of just thrown at the deep end and expected to figure it out. 

Whoo. Okay, so we just got our first level up. No, not even enough to get a level up. Okay, so I guess the first thing you're going to have to do with your first show and roll High, the most obvious thing is going to be go to school, right, and do some classes because we need to get some level up. Now alternatively, you could go and do the quest at Diamond Beach to get yourself some items. But we ain't doing that. You guys will not want to do that. We're going to go to school. The whole idea of me doing this is meant to be to sort of represent to you guys what you can do to get yourself started in rural High because I recognize that a lot of you are new players and you probably would struggle with actually getting started, which is not ideal. You need some support, you need a little bit of help and that makes sense. It's perfectly okay if you need a little bit of a push or a shove every now and again. I also recognize that a lot of you guys who are new to the game or maybe a bit nervous about starting the game because maybe you've watched my videos and you know that from my videos you really would like to play it but you just don't know how to get started. 

Maybe just need that little bit of a push, a little bit of guidance, I guess to help you get started. So that is exactly what I am here to do today. We are going to walk through everything you can do to get started in Rawhide. And if I literally am getting started with you guys, I feel like that could help you out. You get to see exactly how it works, what you can do and things like that. And hopefully it will give you guys a little bit of help towards getting where you need to be. Now I'm going to put my bees face on and take off this UGC face because we can wear makeup in this game. We don't need no UGC faces. We can actually look really pretty. Now one thing I will say to you guys that you may want to consider for your first time or High is you may want to get some of the game passes. Absolutely not necessary at all, but you might want to get some if you at least want some of the basics to get yourself started. It is up to you of course. But if you're going to buy any game passes, I obviously suggest the Diamond Multipliers. They will help you to get started, they will help you to get the things that you need and obviously to grind faster. But by no means do you need to feel pressured. 

You guys take your time, enjoy yourself and try to do things about it if you can. I mean if you do about it, then you can save some row bucks and you don't necessarily have to, but it will make grinding a lot easier if you do. Now, one thing I did want to say, you guys, is if people enjoy this, like enjoy me starting over in row high and seeing the process that I would use to build an account, let me know in the comments, because if you guys like it, maybe I'll make it into a series and we'll do it more regularly. I really enjoy Haley's series, and I really enjoy watching her, seeing how she goes through the process of essentially building a whole new account and building an inventory as a new player in Raw High. And I'm certainly interested in seeing how that could work as well for me as a person, because I never really got to have that opportunity. I kind of just started Raw High really quick, and I had friends to help me, so it's kind of nice to see what it's like starting as a new player. So if you want to see this become a series, let me know in the comments down below. I am interested in maybe giving it a shot if you guys enjoy it. I was kind of going to wait until the new school came out and do a starting of it in the new school series instead. 

But alas, whereas you probably already know, the new school is not here yet and has no sign of coming anytime soon, so I kind of thought maybe it was probably best that we stopped procrastinating it in it and we got started instead, and so here we are doing it. I ate my food with chopsticks. I'm ready for a day of school. Oh, I don't want to start off bad. I don't want to already. Forget my books. Quick. Hurry, hurry. No, I don't need to paint it up. Urban it. Open the locker, quick. My books. What's happening? Why is it glitching out so bad? Just let me change my books, okay? My gosh. Okay, that was being really weird. It was trying to make me repaint it, but I didn't want to repaint it. I just did my books for class. I don't want to get into trouble. We got baking class first. Oh, my gosh. Don't forget your books, you guys. You get extra stuff if you remember your books. Okay? Don't forget your books. You really need them. Seriously, don't forget the books. Ah. Baking class time. 

Let's go, let's go, let's go. I just realized, by the way, I totally could be using the hairstyles from Roll high. I don't need to use the hairstyles that came with my UDC character. If I want to use the moral high hair, I can use my high hair. All right, book check time. Let's see. Let's see. Do I get the extra XP for remembering my book? I better do. Give me the XP now. Do it right now. Okay. Maybe you get it at the end. I don't know. Maybe I did get it and I didn't realize. Okay, stick of butter, some more butter. Double space bar hack by clicking with your mouth and putting things at the same time. I am the best for a high player in the world. I'm a prayer space bar again. Let's do this. Okay. I'm going to do strawberry and they are going to be yellow because strawberry and yellow always goes well together. By the way, if you ever see a cupcake and someone tells you it's strawberry flavored and the cupcake is yellow, I maybe wouldn't eat it. That sounds kind of gross. Just saying. To decorate those cupcakes, I'm going to go lemon and sprinkles and chocolate chips because lemon and sprinkles and chocolate chips are the strawberry flavored cupcake. 

Sounds absolutely disgusting. Okay, give me a cupcake. Gimme, gimme. Why can't I have it? Give it to me. There. Okay, jeez. I was going to say I want my own cupcake. Is that so rude to ask? I made them. No, mine. I'm going to eat it. And I can tell you guys with confidence, it tastes absolutely disgusting. Don't eat a strawberry lemon cupcake. It's gross. Okay, bye. I just threw them all in the trash. Someone's going to have a really great day if they go in the trash or just fine on my cupcakes. Look at all these, like, pre baked guns. We've got bent bread, we've got poop in a basket. We've got cookies. Amazing. I have to say the poops in a basket, they are presented very well. And I have to say they look absolutely disgusting. Excuse me. Get out of the fly through me. Where's my clothes gone? 

Excuse me, madam, get out of the way. I've got classes to attend and places to be and stuff to do, okay? I've got really high levels to be achieving right now. I need to be the best student in this entire establishment, okay? I don't need you in my way. Excuse me, madam. Move. I need to get my orange juice. You're in my way. Get out of the way. Take your fluffy butterfly magic skirt and get out of here. And don't look at me. I've got no clothes on for some reason. What happened? Okay, guys, I put an emergency outfit on. I look strange, but it's fine. Everything's fine. Everything's fine. Okay, just pretend I'm just shoveling my food down with my hand. Everything's fine. We're going to be the best role high player in existence. You hear that, Leah? You hear that? Best role high player of in existence right here. Okay. Excuse me. Okay, that's good, guys. I believe in us. I believe in us and our abilities. We'll level it up. 

We'll get in there and you know what, guys? I'm pretty impressed so far. I think we're doing pretty well. So, little beans, is this something you would like to see? Would you like to watch me actually get started in raw high properly? We're almost level two. We've got some diamonds slowly going up. We're getting there, you guys. We're increasing the things that we have, and I feel like if we really put in some effort, we could really build ourselves a unique inventory and have some really cool stuff. You guys want to see that? I'm going to grind a few classes, do a few bits and bobs, but let me know, do you actually want a series of me starting over in Rural High? Let me know in the comments down below and maybe we'll make it into a series. Thanks for watching, everyone. If you enjoyed this first episode, don't forget to leave a like and subscribe. Click that bell. I love you, Voila, and I'll see you soon. Goodbye. 

