Gayer encloser master headphones and hello Jennifer.com encouragement today. I'm so excited. I just bought the cutest outfit ever. I had such an amazing day today. Nothing can ruin it now. EW, look at her until right now. Hi, EW. Are you talking to us, girl? You do realize those are mannequins. But I'm not going to judge. I'm just going to go now. I just got a new outfit, and you girls don't need to ruin my day. So wait, you got a new outfit? Yeah, it's the one I'm wearing right now. It's trash. Yeah, like I said, I'm just going to keep walking. Oh, my gosh. Hurry, cross cars. Oh, there's another car coming. Let me pick your outfits. 

What makes you think that I'm going to let you pick my outfits? Because I know fashion. Guys, this really mean girl wants to pick my outfit, but I'm not sure if I should let her do that. Come on, what do you have to lose? Okay, just don't make me look ridiculous. Okay, we'll see. Where did she just go? Hey, guys, I don't know if I should let this mean girl pick my outfits. I feel like she just wants to make fun of me. Okay, let's see. All right, guys. Well, it looks like I'm going to let a mean girl pick my outfits. She's going to do something ridiculous, isn't she? So I'm going to give you an outfit to start off with, and then you'll finish it. Okay, sounds like a challenge. Be ready. 

Oh, no, guys, looks like she's looking through the voice section. Is she going to make me wear a boy's outfit? This one. I knew it. You were trying to dress me up like a boy. Do it now, loser. Fine. I can't believe this mean girl actually wants me to dress up like a boy. Okay, so what shirt does she have on? Looks like she has a boys gucci hoodie. Oh, my gosh. This does not look that flattering on a girl. Oh, I'm going to show her. I'm going to transform this outfit into something cute. Then I'll show her. Maybe we can pick out my most favorite hairstyle ever. Maybe we should do another hair color. This one looks perfect. You still look ridiculous. Yeah, well, we'll see about that. Okay, let's go to the face full face. 

All right, we got to look for something with some yellow. Yes. It looks like she's getting upset. Oh, my gosh, guys, I think we're actually going to make this boy outfit slay. All right, how about we look at some of the skirts that we already have? Maybe we could try this one. Okay, this yellow skirt doesn't look too bad. Maybe add some heels. Let's use some of the ones we already have. Oh, my gosh. I think I actually slayed the boys outfit. Wait, it's not supposed to look cute. Well, look at this. I managed to make a boy's outfit look cute on me. Oh, my gosh, guys, I think we actually made a mean girl mad. Let's get this diamond over here. I can't believe how cute this outfit actually is working. 

Okay, I'm ready for the next outfit. Let's see. Bring it on, girl. Fine. Try and make this look cute. Oh, my gosh. A muscle shirt with some tattoos. Are you sure about that now? Oh, my gosh. She's actually going to make me pry on more boys outfit, which I guess I don't really mind. I reset. She wants me to look in the boy section. Does she really want me to win? How am I supposed to make this look cute? Lol, you look ridiculous. But we're wearing the same out. Oh, she changed. Okay, well, I'm going to take this challenge. I'm going to try to look as cute as possible with this shirt on. I'm not sure how I'm going to do it. What kind of hairstyle we could use this one. 

Maybe make it in black so it matches the shirt. I mean, there are other colors I could choose, but I think I like black, so maybe if we add a skirt, it won't look so manly. Let's see. Maybe we can add this, add some custom colors. Make it black. Oh, my gosh. Wait a minute. What if I do this multicolored black and then red? That's going to look that bad, you know? Yeah, she's right. I could make it better. Okay, how about if I use the skirt? Make it black and red? Okay. This one looks so much better. I love the little bow in the back, and it matches the shirt. Lol, you're not going to make that look cute. Yeah, well, we'll see about that, girl. So let's do our makeup now. Let's see. There are so many looks. I can do this one. 

Yes, this one matches so well. Some heels to finish off the outfit. I've already used these, so let's use these. Oh, my gosh. How about that? What? Oh, my gosh. She's actually mad. I made this shirt look cute on a girl. Oh, what you gonna say now, mean girl? This isn't happening. Guys, she is trying so hard to make me look ridiculous, but little does she know that I can make any outfits. Like, unless you guys don't like this outfit. Okay, I need to choose something worse now. I wonder what she's going to choose this time. Although that one she has on doesn't look that bad. Oh, she changed it. EW, what a theme. What are those? Yes, Lol. Fine. It's on, girl. 

I'm going to make that outfit slay. Okay, so I guess we got to reset now. Which shirt was this? Oh, it was this one. Shoes. Oh, girl. No wonder that she chose this outfit. How am I going to make this look cute? Try and make that look good. Okay, I will. So let's start off with some hair. There are so many cute hairstyles maybe I should change my hair color, maybe to blonde. What kind of hairstyle I should get? Oh, my gosh. This one would match the outfit. This little Sailor Moon hair would match it so well. Okay, so now let's do a skirt like we have been. Let's choose this one this time. Maybe make it multicolored in red and white. That does not look bad at all. Still ugly, though. Okay, we'll see about that. Okay, let's get rid of those shoes. 

So I'm going to get these heels and in red. That way it matches the cute top and we cannot forget the makeup. OOH, this one matches so well. All right, girl, what you gonna say now? How do you slay more than me? Oh, did you really just say that? It's not fair. One more outfit. Well, girl, whatever outfits you make me wear, I'm going to make them look good. I can't believe that we just made some cute looks off of voice clothes. I never thought that that could happen. That's so cool. OMG, this one. This will be hard to do. Wow, you really chose another one. That one looks very badly, but I bet you I can make it work. All right, girl, so let's reset. I cannot find what outfit she chose, so where did she get it from? Oh, there it is. 

So gross. Okay, this one is super challenging. How am I going to make this look cute and girly? Okay, let's start with the hair first. Let's see. Why not? I never use that one. Okay, so of course, now we've got to choose the skirt. Maybe let's go with this one and make it multicolored, make it white and maybe have some black on it. Not bad. Not bad at all. It already looks super cute. Maybe if I add some makeup, it'll make it look complete. Oh, okay. I'm not using that one. Oh, this one's cute. Yeah, that's a cute black lipstick. And now, of course, for the heels, maybe we could try them in a be like a red. Guys, I think we slayed it. I think we slayed the outfit. 

Even though it's a boy shirt, it still looks good on a girl. Oh, my gosh, I'm so done. Oh, bye. Well, bye, girl. She got really mad guys. I let the mean girl pick my outfits. She wanted me to wear boys clothes, but I still managed to make them slay. What do you guys think? Do you like it? Let me know down in the comments below which of these boy outfits you would wear. But anyway, that is all for today. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Make sure you get this video to 5000 likes. And don't forget to turn on post notifications so you'll be notified. Every time I upload a video, I always try my best to like as many comments as I can from the early birds. So make sure you're early to my videos by turning on notifications. But anyways, that's all for today. Hope you guys enjoyed this video. But anyways, I'll see you guys next time. 

And until then, God bless you and I love you so, so much. Bye, guys. 

