Hey, Care bears. It's Hailey here. Welcome back to another Raw Hi video on my channel. If you're new here, make sure to subscribe for daily Well Hi videos. And don't forget to top Bell notifications. Know exactly when I'm posting a brand new Well Hi video for you guys. Anyways, in today's video, I want to share with you guys an amazing diamond farming routine that can get you thousands of diamonds in just minutes. And I actually got this diamond farming routine from one of you guys in a comment on one of my videos. It was a video of me sharing one of my diamond farming routines about almost a year ago. And I saw their comment, and I thought it was a really good routine, especially for those of us who are super duper lazy. 

So let's go ahead and get into it. So this diamond farming routine really just requires you to have a private server if you really want to maybe borrow a friend or use one of mine. If you guys would like to join that private server, I'll put the link to that private server in the description down below. So let's go ahead and get into it. So the first thing you need to do once you have your private server is you need to go to Enchantix High. So this diamond farming routine will work wonderfully if you know all of the locations to the diamonds that give you the most in Enchantix High. So I'll go over them really quickly for you guys. And if you already know, just watch this still, just in case you missed one. But let's go ahead and go. So the first one you grab, you don't grab any of the blue ones. You grab everything but the blue ones. Okay, if you want to make this quick now you can do the blue ones if you have time. 

If you're not as lazy as some people are, like me, you can. But the first one I grab is the one on the fountain. Then I go to the left. Grab this one here. Then you go in the tree, and there's a green one here. And then after that, just fly up and there's a pink one right here. And then don't forget, there's also a pink one right here. After that, go ahead and go. Grab that red one all the way over here. And then after this, we're going to go in the water and grab those few diamonds that are worth more than one. So the first one is this pink one. After that, go down here, and there is some blue diamonds. You could pick them up since it's on the way to this one diamond that gives you 30. And then after that, go here, go to the green, and then just go around. I am picking up some blue ones since I am on my way. But don't go out of your way to pick up the blue ones. That's basically what I'm saying. But after that, go up here and there's a green diamond. 

And right behind here is another pink diamond. Then after that I go this way to right here, which is a green diamond. Then I go inside of the student quarters and I grab these since I'm on the way. And I grab this one pink diamond. After that I go here and then I grab the three I think there's three pink diamonds here. So yes, grab these and then that's it. I mean, you can pick up these blue diamonds since you're right here if you want to, but you really don't have to. But if you have multipliers, they are really helpful. So after that, all you need to do now is you need to go to the portal. So there is a portal. If we go all the way back over here, you could have just flown over the building. But if you go to this Portal Realms area, if you just go through here, it should teleport you. So once it teleports you, you go back to the arrival screen. 

Once you're here, that basically means Enchantix High just got refreshed. That means all the diamond locations are back. And it only took me about five minutes to get the diamonds that I just picked up. So now let's go ahead and go back to Enchantix High and do it again. So now that we're back in Enchantic High, go ahead, select a random element and pick up all the diamonds again. But this time I'm not going to tell you guys exactly where they are. You guys know and this is the exact route I go every single time. So you can see I do the same thing, same route, everything like that. So you go red, then you go to the water down here, pick up this pink one and then pick up the blue ones if you really want to. If you have a little bit extra time, you can and then also pick up the green one, then pick up this one here too. Why not? And then let's fly back. And after that we go to this green one, then we go up here to the pink one. 

And I actually just remembered I did miss pink one over here. So let's just get this and then get the green one behind here. Then we fly through the student quarters just to pick up these two extra diamonds because why not? And pick up the pink one and then fly through this. Don't go through the doors. By the way, I forgot to add that don't go through these doors, especially if you're on a laptop, which I know a lot of people do have laptops. As a player who used to own a laptop, I used to lag like crazy around this area. I don't know why, especially on my laptop. So avoid these doors because they don't open when you're laggy. So just go through the little opening at the top. Anyways though, let's pick up these last three pink diamonds and then go up here and grab this pink one and yeah, so now let's just fly back to the portal. The Fly Fast game pass is helpful, but if you don't have it, it's fine because in Enchantix there's actually sprint flying. 

So basically if you're on computer, just hold shift. I've noticed that the button kind of doesn't work in Enchantix, so I'm not sure if it does on mobile. But if you're on computer doing this, you probably can sprint fly after picking up the diamonds, like I said, go back to the portal. And then you just keep repeating this process. Also ignore that it says Oops, it looks like something went wrong. It's fine. It will teleport you back to the arrival screen. So basically you just keep doing this over and over. But make sure every time you get teleported back to your arrival screen, you check your needs because right here it says your energy is at 0%. So every time your energy goes to maybe like 50% or lower, just go sleep at the beach house. Now, the reason why I say to sleep at the beach house besides the apartments is actually because going to sleep at the beach house is much faster than the apartments because right when you join the beach house, you just pull out your sleeping bag and you sleep. 

But with the apartments you have to teleport there, walk to your room, then walk to the bed and it's just a lot more time consuming. So make sure you do it like this at the beach house, just click the little furniture button and find the sleeping bag here. And all you have to do is just click it and place it and then sleep. And you still get as much XP as you would in your apartment as you would here. So you just have to wait here and sleep. And I think I might even level up, which is great because leveling up gives you diamonds, which is exactly why we are sleeping in between every time we notice that our energy is down while farming this way with Enchanting high. So, yeah, okay, so we have reached all the way to 100% and I've leveled up as well. So that's great. I just realized my eyes look like this. That it's actually kind of cool. But anyways, now after this, all you have to do is just teleport to Enchantix and then do the same thing. Pick up all the diamonds and then go to your arrival screen by going through that portal and then just checking your energy every now and then. 

And if you do this for about like 30 minutes, you can get thousands of diamonds from just doing this, especially if you have the multipliers. So make sure that you do this routine. It's a great routine, not that any of the other routines aren't good, but I think this one's pretty fast, especially for us who are like super lazy. So yeah. Anyways, though, that is all for today's video. Thank you guys so much for watching. I hope you guys enjoyed this routine. Also, here's the comment up on the screen. And this was the person who actually shared this tip with me on YouTube on my comments about how to farm in this fast and efficient way. So thank you to them so much for this video idea and helping all of us out. If you enjoyed, make sure you leave a like and subscribe for daily Roll High videos and I'll see you guys tomorrow. Bye. 

Care Bears. I found the water. 

