Hello, everyone, and welcome to my channel. Today we're gonna be spending a lot of diamonds in roha, and a lot of diamonds means a lot of roebucks. So I prepared myself. I put about 100 Robucks on my account right now because the new Sukimki Winter collection just came out and we've all been waiting for it. So I'm going to see my first impressions. I kind of saw it on Twitter, but then I was like, no, I cannot see this. So I've barely seen it, but I don't really know what it looks like. I don't know what it's called, so I just know it's pretty pricey up there. Okay, so oh, it's called the Princess Star Frost Collection, and it comes with the Starfrost magical skirt. The Princess Star Frost Figure Skates. We're going to be figure skaters. Comes with a cozy corset, a Princess Star Frost shooting starscape, a crystal scepter, and a ribbon bonnet. Okay, so let's go ahead and calculate the total cost of diamonds that this new set is going to be. 

The Princess Star frost collection. All right, guys. So the total cost of diamonds is 125,500 diamonds to get the entire collection, and that's about $100 in real life, or 10,000 Robucks about that range. So we need more diamonds, don't we? Let's go ahead and buy some more diamonds. We need to buy this about four and a half times. So we'll get the other option, which is the 10,000, maybe $18,500 option or diamond option. So we're going to keep it going. Okay. I thought I was out of roebucks. I was like, no, stop it. All these updates are so they still in my Robucks for me. Okay, so we have enough roebucks, and I guess let's start buying. We're going to get the Princess Star frost magical skirt. We're going to insert that card, take all my money, please and thank you. And this collection is limited edition, so make sure to get your hands on if you really want it because it won't come back till next year or it may not come back at all. 

You never really know. And I just bought the Star Frost bigger skates. I'm getting really ahead of myself. So let's go ahead and try these on. I'm going to take off the Moon Guardian and the thigh highs. Whoa. Okay, you guys know I have to make it pink. I'm sorry. Oh, guys, this is so cute. So the cool thing about this skirt is Barbie tweeted this. If you click on the skirt, you can make it long or short. See how it just turns short? Ready? You can make it long, short, long, short. Okay. I've never seen a skirt do that, and I am really impressed because it gives you a very versatile look. You want a short skirt for the day, or you want a long skirt for the day when it gets colder at night because hot chocolate always isn't enough to warm you up. You need your legs covered. So now it's time to put on the figure skates. I can't wait to see these. Okay, let's go ice skating with the penguins. 

Come on. And the polar bears. But can we actually ice skates? Okay, I don't think it actually lets us ice skate, but that'd be a really cool feature. Maybe they'll implement it, or maybe mine is just not working. But let's get a zoom in on these really cute ice skates. Oh, I can't. These are adorable. Oh, stop it. I swear, each year. Last year, I was shook by the Princess diehys. Now I'm shook by the Star frost collection. This is so pretty. So on that note oh, I got to see how it looks. Long wait toggle ice skates. You could take the ice skates off, too. They're just boots now instead of ice skates. Okay. That is so cool. See, look. Toggle ice skates. They come back toggle skirt lang. Oh, my goodness. Well, you know what? I'm keeping the boots for now, because these are so cute, and they're really cozy. Guys, we're going to be so cozy this winter season. So on that note, let's keep buying it because I'm really obsessed with this collection. So we have the cozy corset, and this is 12,000 diamonds, which actually isn't too bad compared to the other corsets that have come out to Royal High. 

So let's say I want to play oh, that's cute. Look really cute in pink and white, because it looks like a fuzzy's. And I'm currently wearing the other corset, so I need to get rid of that. Now, that is a really cute it looks like there's, like, a little fur choker along with a nice fur lining on the top of the corset. It is so pretty. Oh, now, that is cute. I need to make it match with the rest of my outfit, but I'm still obsessed with it. We're Pink Princesses. And now we have the Shooting Stars cape. Look. Shooting Stars. Did you make any wishes yet? This cape keeps you warm and stylish at the same time, and the stars in the back are perfect whenever you want that extra flare. Okay. All right. I'm more of a hearts kind of person, but for Christmas, I'll rock the stars. I need to see how this is going to look. OOH. Okay. Oh, my gosh. This is the most extra scarf I have ever seen. 

Let's do a twirl. Oh, I love it so much. This is so cute. I'm seriously in love with this outfit, and I really want to see what it looks like an icy blue, because Christmas and I always do everything in pink, but I really just can't help myself, guys. I just get too excited. We have two more items left, and that is the Princess Star Frost crystal scepter, which is 15,000 diamonds. And then we have the Princess Starfrost ribbon bonnet. So let's go ahead and buy this a still scepter. Can we do anything magical with it? Let me see. Rumors say that this magical scepter has been found inside an ancient abandoned ice palace. The glimmering crystals and shining fairy lights make this scepter a perfect match for a true ice queen. Okay, is it going to be a perfect match for us? Whoa. Oh, my gosh. I'm kind of scared. This thing is so cool. Okay. I thought we could toggle the ice up there. I was like, what? How can we toggle it? Wow. Oh, I could hit somebody. Oh, sorry. Watch out, penguins. Oh, okay. All right. I guess we're going for a little ride. 

This is very intense. Oh, my gosh. I love it. And this little snowflake looking thing on it. It's so pretty. Okay, Santa, I'm sorry, but it's time to go. We got to put a bonnet on our head. Even though you were cute, we got to just we got to go. And when I say we got to go, we got to go shopping because we have to purchase the last part of the collection, the ribbon bonnet to keep our head and ears warm because that's very important. You guys, I really needed to do a little shopping spree, and now we have 6000 diamonds left. I think that's more than how I started, but woo woo. Okay, we will put this beautiful piece on our head. Oh, we look so cute with our little ribbon bonnet. Oh, okay. I think we need a different hairstyle to rock this look. My goto hair look. This is my favorite. Oh, it is so pretty. Okay, I need to see this in blue. I know this is probably crazy for you guys to hear. Whoa. Okay, interesting. I just did it in a baby blue and a baby pink, and it looks so cute. Okay, let's see. A white and a blue. 

Oh, that's beautiful too. Look at us. This whole outfit was about $100, but it is worth every diamond, every cent. Okay, well, I always test out my luck. Will we have good luck at the fountain with our new outfit? This is the true test. Come on. I feel like the fountain just knows I come to this all the time and they don't want to give me a halo. Like, I just believe they don't. They're just like her. No, we don't want her. We want her to leave. Okay, we're throwing in the diamonds in our cute star frost outfit. You wander around town admiring all the beautiful buildings with winter decorations. One of the cabins especially catches your eye, so you decide to approach it. Okay, so it's a cozy looking cafe, and they asked me if I want to decorate some cookies. Okay, what kind of cookie do I want? I think I'm going to do a star cookie. I don't know. Just spoke to me. Why not the little star cookie? You've picked the star themed cookie and add finishing touches to it. You ponder about how dreams usually do come true when you wish upon a star. How cute. Stop it. I close my eyes and make a wish. 

When I opened my eyes, the cookie disappeared and it turned into diamonds. Could this be a winter miracle? The winter miracle would be winning the halo. That could be my winter miracle. Because I feel like it would be a miracle at this point. Okay, we're going to the wheel if I could find it. I'm still getting used to this Christmas realm. And I'm collecting all these diamonds because we just spent all of our diamonds. We're getting a little sidetracked. Okay, can this hot chocolate place be open already? Do you guys understand me here? Do you understand my pain of the hot chocolate spot not being open? Okay, I found it. It's right next to the beautiful Lizzy Memorial. So now I'll definitely remember where that is. Looking absolutely beautiful today. I love it so much. It's always so good to see that. We love you. Now let's go ahead and spin the wheel. Come on. I'm looking real cute. I'm looking real cute. Maybe this will be my winter miracle. Okay? Maybe I'll get the items I've always wanted. Maybe, just maybe. No, don't land on nothing, okay? We got a son, and we landed on an item you already own here. 

300 diamonds. You know how many times I've read that? I just want to say you've won dramatic lashes. You've run the pretty tiara. But it's okay. At least I could buy these cute outfits. Because you can't win a purchase. You just make it. You could choose to. All right, guys. If you enjoyed me spending literally all my money on this new Star Frost set, I hope you push that like button, that subscribe button, that velvet and ding. And if you're so excited for Christmas and this winter update, and to see more update videos, push that like button and comment down below. I love reading your guys'comments. I love you guys so much. And I'll see you in the next video. Bye. 

