Hey guys, today we're gonna be stabbing people. Yes. Let's go to the hospital. That way, if anyone gets killed, the doctors can assist them. It's a nobrainer, guys. Alright, here we go. Oh, they're already stabbing people and the rounds already go over well. Guys, that was quick. I survived for 5 seconds. Yes. Let's go. Oh, we should go to the bank. That way, if the murderer kills us, we can just give the money and say, hey, stop doing that to me. And it's the same app again. Wow, the murderer already killed someone. The game didn't even start yet. All right, if this guy stabs me right now, I don't care. I want to watch this still. Okay. All right, so I was trying to watch a still frame of that video that was on the screen when this exploiter just teleported to all of us and just we got destroyed. So let's see what's going on in this server. 
All right, here we got dude, he's currently collecting all the money from this bedroom right now. It will be interesting to see how he explains this to the police later on. I'm hearing some shots being fired over to the right somewhere in the main area over there. Doesn't seem like anyone was hurt, but dude, if this is very confused. All right, over here we got Severo, 1977. He is currently shirtless. He's got a tattoo of pikachu on his chest. And the rounds over. No knives or guns. Okay, well, I'm just going to stand here and that way they won't be able to kill me because I'm behind the sign that says no knives or guns. Oh, there goes three people. Luckily, they won't be able to get me because, you know and it's over. Still innocent. All right, I'll take it. I don't really want to play any important role right now because I I haven't made a video on this game in like two years. 
I don't play this regularly. Oh, this guy's already he was so far away. Like, I'll be standing right here. The murderer took his knife out and stabbed me from like, this distance, basically. Oh, there goes Fernando. Just kidding, murderer. Just use your reach hacks. Okay. What is the sheriff doing? He's just going to let that stabbing happen? Bro, this man's got a knife from Chernobyl. Look at all these green corpses and neon green dead bodies. Look, you just let another stabbing happen. Why are you walking towards him? Bro, this is intense and painful to watch. She's just shooting randomly. Oh, but this is my room. 
All right, it's just these two. This guy is just going to collect the money and just chill. He doesn't have to play the video game until the last second. Oh, there she is. All right, here we go. Let's see how this fight goes down. Oh, this dude is jumping over bullets. All right, this is interesting to watch. All right. How did you screw that up. That was a fun fight to watch. I survived for 3 seconds. That's a solid amount, if I do say so myself. I'm gonna be the sheriff. No, I'm not. Oh. Oh. The first thing he did was take out the Sheriff. I bet he's camping the corner. No, he's not. All right, well, rookie mistake. Wait, this was the same sheriff as the other round, too. That guy is firing off a warning shot. I like it. He's just fired off a second warning shot. 
This guy is not messing around. Oh, there he is. The murder is certainly messing around because he's just kind of walking behind him all casual. Oh, this guy has mastered the art of making knives float. This shirtless guy is not to be messed around with. Also, the Sheriff is still firing off warning shots, and he's not stabbing this guy for some reason. Not sure what the deal with that is. I bet I could stand on the murderer's head. Yeah, like that guy just walked in front of him. I'm going to do it. Oh, shoot. Oh, that just missed. I'm leaving. Screw you guys. All right, I'm not fully leaving, actually. Oh, someone just died. Is it safe? Oh, well, we won. Dude, that was intense. And I don't know how I didn't die there. Oh, shoot. Dude, this guy is being contested right now. We got another shirtless guy in the lobby. 
Wait, where'd he go? All right, it looks like shirtless guy number two has left the lobby. This is a sad day. Can I get one likes? I don't really know where to hide. All right, those two are probably good. Oh, well, that was a quick round. Let's go. I survived for 9 seconds this time. Let's go to studio because I didn't get to shoot my YouTube video yet, and I need to do that because I haven't uploaded in four months. All right, cool. I'm just an innocent YouTuber about to go film my gaming green screen vlog. Look, I even have subscribe here. Hi, YT. Welcome back to my video. Please subscribe for more videos. Look, I even have the subscribe button here, so you know what the subscribe button looks like now. Today we're just going to be playing some roblox. Except I'm actually in front of the Eiffel Tower right now. This is not a joke. 
I'm actually in front of the Eiffel Tower right now. I think the Sheriff just killed some innocent guy. Yep, this gun is mine. Hey, who's a murderer? All right, anyways, that doesn't matter. I need to get back to shooting my YouTube video with this movie studio quality camera. So anyway, the quadratic formula is one plus is it one or is it 1.0? Whatever. So the other day, I was just eating toothpaste for breakfast like I normally do, and suddenly this guy comes in our studio and starts throwing forks at people, and we told him to get out and that was a very scary experience. So please, like, for more scary stories. Okay, I'm going to do my job now. Who's the bad guy? Is it you? Are you the bad guy? Oh, it's this guy. Well, I consider this a success because at least one person survived that. Oh, yeah. I have to choose a map or something. 
What have we got here? Police station. That's a no brainer. That way everyone is the sheriff and will automatically win, right? That's how it works, right? Oh, I'm not the sheriff. This is kind of dumb. Where's the sheriff? Oh, this guy's got a whole prison in his office. Let's explore this police station a bit. So here we got don't walk towards me like that, dude. So here we got some hats, and we got a blocks con statue. I'm just going to steal that. You know what? I'm just going to run now. Oh, shoot. Are you good, bro? Are you the sheriff like everyone else is? Dude, I'm so on edge right now. So I'm just going to hide here. All right. Not a whole lot of stabbing going on. That might change in a second. We can either wait this out, maybe wait till someone gets stabbed, or we'll just have the sheriff shoot some random guy. All right, let's go check up on what's going on. It was the shirtless guy last time. I find it unlikely that someone would be the murderer twice. 
All right, we got, like, 10 seconds left. Oh, he got him. Who was it? It wasn't this guy. It was the noob. He must have been AFK. Let's go to the workplace. Actually, let's go to the studio because I haven't finished filming my video yet because I had to shoot someone. Hey, you're not remaining. I am. So anyway, I was recording a video when suddenly this guy comes in our studio and starts stabbing people, and then for some reason, a sheriff was there, and they were struggling to shoot the murderer, and the murderer actually stabbed the sheriff, and so I had to get up and and shoot the guy. Big inconvenience. But anyways, I'm back, and we're just going to be playing some video games. The video games are right behind me right now. If he walks in here, he gets two free kills. I'm going to just chill right here. I didn't even know the spot existed. I was about to sit right here. 
Oh, the noob is back. They're the sheriff. I heard someone get stabbed earlier. Oh, here we go. I want to look at the action. Oh, this guy is lagging so much. And you miss that. And you missed it again. All right, there you go, bro. This guy is dead, and he's still vibing. Yeah, I agree. I'm still innocent. What is this? Oh, I saw that. I saw that. I saw you doing that. That was your doing. If I follow the path of dead bodies, what will happen. Oh, it's that guy. It's the warning shot guy. I'm just going to run. I'm just going to head out because I'm just going to be running. I'm going to hide here. This is a classic hiding spot for this map. He wouldn't check this spot because it's so overdone. 
You're the Sheriff, I imagine, can't let these killings happen in my house. I didn't even let any of you people in here. Oh, yeah, she's dead. I don't even think that's the Sheriff, because I hear coins being picked up over there. Bro, where is this guy? Save us or something. Oh, here we go. Oh, okay. She's just holding down. Left click. That's not the strat. No, no, no. Well, this guy can enjoy his victory. Dude, he was about to go down, and then he just stopped and looked over. 23% chance. Still innocent. All right, is the murderer that new begin or something? Because nothing is happening. I don't even know who the Sheriff is. Oh, there's someone in the ceiling right here. Maybe the murderer had something to do with this. 
Oh, we won. How did this guy even get himself there? Oh, did the murderer leave? The sheriff was AFK. All right, come on. I have to be the murderer of this game. It just has to happen. All right, the game is clearly mocking me right now. It's just so cruel that the game would even do something like this. Oh, I saw that. All right. I regret everything that I said about the Sheriff's missing their shots, because I missed that, and I'm just letting these killings happen. Actually. I'm just going to sit here. There we go. Don't worry, guys. I saved everyone except for the people that I didn't save. Mansion. Yes, I've been to mansions that had a ton of people in them before, and, I mean, it went pretty smoothly, aside from the guy who invited us stabbing everyone. But surely that won't happen this time, right? What? 
I have nearly a third of a chance of being the murderer, and I don't get it. Oh, all right. I'm going to murder that guy next round. All right, well, let's see what he does. Oh, he's trying to pick up the gun. There's so many people here that he could have stabbed by now, and yet oh, this guy's just staring at this YouTube video. I want to get him. There we go. Now this is getting good. Now there's still no Sheriff to be seen anywhere. Probably because the Sheriff is dead behind that door back then. Oh, no. The Sheriff was there running away. Did they even know they were the Sheriff? This is the last person I think no, there's someone just sitting on the thing here. All right, well, let's see what's going on here. Oh, never mind. Okay, so there's just two people now, and she's got the gun, so let's see how this goes. I think she's actually walking slower because I don't know, lag or something. 
Okay, don't stop running. Yeah. Camp the corner here and have your gun out. Yay. Innocence win, even though there is none left except for one. All right, here we go. What this game? It's you, isn't it? Never mind. It's none of you guys. And she's actually the Sheriff, so I'm just going to sit here in my chair with no computer in front of me. I'm actually the receptionist. I make sure that all of the workers still work here and that it's not just some random knife wielding murderer entering the building without our permission. There you go. That was very risky and she pulled it off, so I applaud her for that. Definitely not me pounding my desk because the game hasn't made me the murderer after being here the entire time. Oh, didn't really want to do BioLab because it's a pretty big map, and I'm going to be the murderer next round. 
Right? Surely with a 30% chance, it's going to make me the murderer, right? No. Also, we're not even in BioLab, so I would have liked to have this map for actually being the murderer. Oh, see you. Isn't it? Oh, I heard that from a completely different direction. Also, the guy who killed me the last time I died left so I can't get my revenge, but at least she didn't win. I can at least seek some comfort in that, and at least I didn't survive for 3 seconds. All right, next round is my round. So let's see what maps we got. Mansion. I know this map. I would rather have a map that I know what's going on in here anyway. Oh, shoot. Okay, this game is trolling me. I literally have one third of a chance to be the murderer. It's just going to go to, like, 99%, and I'm not going to get the murder. 
You can go in the fridge. You can go in the sink. All right. If I was the murderer, I would totally know where this spot is, and I would go in it, and I would then just kill anyone who goes in and then just deal with the rest. Get in. Get in the sink. The problem with this is I can't see what's going on above me. Oh, we won. All right, let's go. Now is my time to shine as the murderer. No, I mean, it's just a sick joke at this point. Oh, I saw that. I saw what you did. All right. The chances of me being the murderer are just too high for me to not be the murderer. I mean, this game is rigged against me or something. Is this your doing? I'm sitting in your chair because I think this is your fault. 
I thought this guy had the gun, but he's just holding a chocolate milkshake. Everything is misleading me in this game. Who's around this corner? No one. Who's around this one? Someone I'm going to shut the door behind them. Wait, I think she just killed someone. So I think that was actually a good idea. Collect all the money before I get killed. Where's the sheriff at? I haven't heard a single shot fired. I heard two people die and that's it. Hello? Anything? The round is about to end. The game is over. Who is the sheriff? Did the sheriff die or something? Or is that why there is nothing happening other than the murderer just kind of running around? Nope. The sheriff was very much alive. Not the bank, please, because that gives away if I'm the killer. I don't need a giving away the fact that I'm the killer. Next round, I would much prefer a map that doesn't do that. Oh, finally. All right, that's one. What I'm going to do is I'm going to go in the vent and do that. 
Yeah, we're here now and we can just stab this guy and this guy and we'll go back in the vent. Here we go. Oh, shoot. This guy is definitely the sheriff. Wow, look at all these dead people. Wasn't me. It was not me, though. That was the sheriff, too. All right, nice. This was a good run so far. Hey, I'm going to have my knife out, but I'm not going to stab you until now. That was a very smooth run. All right, well, I think I'm going to end it there. Thank you guys for watching this video. If you liked it, be sure to leave a like and subscribe to the channel. If you haven't already, I post videos of me playing videos. Turn on post notifications so you never miss any new uploads from me. 
And, yeah, thanks for watching. I will see you guys in the next video where I will also get stabbed, probably. Roblox, shirts and shirts. 
Roblox and shirts. Roblox, shirts. Shirts, roblox. Roblox brings you. 
