Don't forget to use star code Ant when you buy any Robux. It's now available on the mobile platform. All you gotta do is click this little gold Roebucks icon and then it'll bring you to the Roebucks buying page and all you have to do is type in the star code when you click tap here and my star code is Ant and make sure you use it. Thank you for the support. Alright, murder mystery two, back at it again. Except this time I have a hiding spot idea for you guys. But before I do that, I gotta go get some water real quick. Hold the phone. All right, I decided to bring you guys along. All right, is that cool? Is that cool? There getting water from my fridge and it's going to taste good. Let's get some of this ice in the cup. Then you must pour water into the boat just like so. And there you are, a delicious cup of water. See what the desk. All right my friends, we are here right now, me and my little friend right here. Cupboy over here filled with water. 
Oh my God. Nothing feels better than a nice cold drink of water. Can I get a like for that? Yes. All right guys, so today what we're doing is we're going to be dressing up and disguising in hiding spots on Murder Mystery Two. Now there's a certain map that we actually need in order to do this first hiding spot. Now all the hiding spots are not going to involve kind of disguises with my characters, but this one will. So that being said, what we're going to do is type in pure green shirt and then you go to clubbing and then boom, you got all these green shirts. So you can already guess kind of what I'm up to. But the map on my name is Two. I forget what it's called, but it has a green screen on it. So basically what we're trying to do is blend in completely with the green screen. But we might have to get a little couple of trials to this one. This outfit definitely will work for sure. But that we're going to have to buy a shirt that is light green, which I don't think any of these shirts are light green. So it might be a little mixed match. It looks like. Oh, here we go. We got a pure green shirt. Perfect. Okay, now we go over to the avatar side of things. What's? It loads. No, they're not the same color. 
Okay, well we can put both of them on and see what it looks like. I guarantee it's going to look a little funky to begin with. This is just the beginning. Oh, actually it looks pretty good. It looks pretty good. Okay. All right. So that's the first thing. Second thing is we got to change the skin tone of the skin. Actually, let's click advanced and let's go. This green right there. There we go. Perfect. That should go ahead and put the icing on the cake just for the body color. Oh, my God, that's so scary. Okay, now, next to what we got to do is we got to go ahead and take off this face, and we also have to take off my hat and Jimmy. Sorry, Jimmy. I know. Okay, perfect. We are now green. But no, we are not done just yet. We need to change the body completely, which, that being said, we're going to go ahead and change the head first to a squarish head or something or whatever I got that's good. Here, I think what I have on will do, actually. We need to change the torso, that's for sure. Roblox girl torso. I believe this will make it more boxy, I think. Unless I have a better boxy. No, I don't think so. There we go. That's perfect. Honestly, I don't even care. Left arm. You, too. 
Don't forget you. I didn't forget. Actually, I think I have a better idea, a way better idea right now. Oh, yeah, this is definitely the better idea. Boom. Just like that. Aren't I beautiful? Yeah, fantastic. Why don't I have the legs? Why are my legs regular? Okay, this isn't working. There we go. All right, we're perfect. We finally got it. Changed everything to man. So now we're actually a man. All right, now back to the accessories. We need to make sure that every little detail is off of us, including hats and hair, which don't seem to be here for whatever reason. Okay, hair. Snip snip sorry, Sally. You went bold. And then we also have to turn off our face. Now, I don't know if there's an actual completely nothing face. No. Why did I think that I was on okay, that did not work. Wait, hold on. Let me see if there's, like, a blank face. This might actually be a thing. I'm not sure if it is or not, but we'll have to see. These are faces. Yeah, blank faces. Blank I get yeah, whatever. How do you get a blank face on Roblox? That's what I'm asking. I don't know. I could blend in, but my face is going to give it away, so I have to find a face that's really freakishly small, which doesn't really make sense if it's on Roblox. 
Maybe I can have maybe just these eyes. Oh, great. What a great price was 10,000 robots. Now it's 360,000 robots. This is ridiculous. We're just going to go with the chill face in honor of Albert here, and just go ahead and get it. All right, now it's time to jump into murder mystery two and get things started. All right, ladies and gentlemen, we have gone green. We need to take off this stupid radio. Get off my back. I don't want to search. Oh, God, how did I get stuck in this menu? Okay, so the backpack is gone. That's good. Now what we need to do is go ahead and turn this off. And then we need to also, can we get rid of a weapon? Is that like a thing? Let's go ahead and get rid of our weapons here. Can we not? Okay, that definitely is not a thing. All right, well, we have a problem now. We have a pure, pure problem. We're not going to be completely blended into this wall, so that might be an issue. Let's choose this knife instead. Or if we have a green knife. Do we have a green knife, please? We have a sear. That's our biggest green knife we have. 
Or do I have oh, perfect. That's exactly what I needed. This knife. Perfect, baby. All right, now we just need a green gun, which I do actually have, surprisingly enough. I think. Where is it? Oh, there we go. The green luger. There we go. We're completely green. This guy's like, what happened to you? Can I have your extra candy cane or snowflake? No. Everybody always wants gollies from me, which I'm not complaining, by the way. I love giving out coblies. Actually, speaking of green, today's video is sponsored by Green Rock. Green Rock, you got anything to say? How I'm drunk rock and I think the village suck. What the heck? I think this is the map. This is the map. Oh, my God. I didn't think I was going to get a first try. Baby, let's go. Aunt. Rue. Reckon need. I like how he danced there. That was fantastic. We hear the murders right over there. No, please don't kill him already. Please, please. No, no. Why are you green? Why did you kill me is the better question. Susie isabella, mate, you okay? Question mark. What do you mean? I'm not okay. I'm trying to blend into a green screen right now and you ruined it. 
Floss with me. All right, well, it looks like I'm being instructed to it by a bacon man to do exactly we're like flossing into each other right now. It's like we're sewing a giant shirt. Grandma showing. Grandma sewing. Grandma sewing a shirt. Okay, I got to stop. He said thanks. You the best. Ah, you're welcome. Are you really in or are you hacking him? Hacking him. XD in. You want a free item? Yes, because all items are going through my account. My other one k. K. I've always wanted to K somebody like that. I haven't caged somebody with the capital Kane a period in so long. He said. Wait. Tutor here? Got to go. Mine. Bye. His tutor's here, so got to go. When the math tutor says, hey, Johnny doesn't learn how to make some money. Get your stock account going. You're only in fifth grade. But let's go. Woo. All right, that being said, we need to get that map again. Oh, there's more people speaking Arabic. Why do I keep getting into Arabic? 
Servers. It's two in the afternoon. What time is it over there? What the heck is that thing? Oh, that's part of his body. Oh, no. And the map is not here? No. Okay, guys, looks like we're going to have to wait a little bit to become in a hiding spot, but that doesn't mean I can't show you guys another hiding spot, which I believe I might be able to find one on all of these maps. So we'll have to see. I'll show you. I'll show you in a second. Bum, bum, bum, bum bomb. Innocent. Honestly, I really don't mind being innocent on this map because, seriously, I don't know, I'm green. It's kind of cool seeing the green on green. I'm not complaining. I don't really want to be a green murderer. I feel like I'm just too slimy. I can't really kill anybody, actually. I don't know what I'm saying right now. All right, that being said, we needed to get out of here. We need to find a hiding spot, and I believe I know the exact hiding spot that probably a lot of you guys know. But I like to use this hiding spot whenever I'm on this map because it's pretty simple and it's pretty nice, too. Right back in this little guy right here, you can kind of just shimmy on your way in here and then actually, no, never mind. That's not my hiding spot that I was talking about. Okay, I failed you guys. Sorry. But we all know this hiding spot right here. 
If you guys don't know this hiding spot right here, you're living under a rock. Like, seriously, all you got to do is go in first person, go sideways, and where am I? Grandma. I'm in a fish chain of grandma. This is my favorite item spot on this map. At least it's not too crazy, but it's where people usually don't look. So I'm going to sit here for the rest of the game. Good night. I'm now inside my corridor. Wait, guys, guys, it's time for something. Hold on, I got to get this. By the way, don't don't mind my tucked in pants. This is my work attire. I have right here some beautiful roblox logos that need to be eaten right now. Oh, roblox logos, my favorite. No, it didn't work. Here we go. Randall. Randall. It was Cindy. It was the girl who shot me with the gun before. All right, I must get my revenge. I must get this. Woo. Wow. That was perfectly timed, you guys. Like that? That was like a James Bond scene right there. That was good. Hold on. 
My name is Brandon. I got to say, the Arabic language literally looks so beautiful. Like, look at these letters. That's beautiful. They're just, like, symbols, and it looks so cool. And I'm still innocent. All right, guys, I'm going to take a little cheesy break. I'll be back in five minutes. Once I get the map. All right, I have come back for my next round because I got sheriff. I know I always get sheriff before murder nowadays, and I have no idea why. It just always exists like that. And I never will understand. But that's okay. I'm submitting to what the universe wants me to do, and it wants me to become the sheriff and be the good guy. So I guess I'll be the good guy for a while. Why is it branded? Why is it always branded? It's always branded. Let's sit down and wait for the map. This is going to be it. I'm calling it right? Golan seven 70. That sounds like a name of a plane. The golin. Seven 70. Now I'm flying American Airlines. None of it literally. All right, guys, so while I was waiting for my actual specific map to get voted on, I was reading my comments on my video that I just posted, technically today as I'm filming this, and someone was like, you were hacked. 
And then if you scroll down a little bit more, you were hacked. Unfriended the crew. And if you guys don't remember, I unfriended everybody just so I could keep track of who I added for the cybertruck race. Which keep in mind, I will be adding more people very, very soon for other reasons. You'll see exactly what I'm talking about in VIP reasons. I got some good murder mystery two video ideas, and I need you guys to be involved. But with that being said, don't forget to use star code ant. When you buy a robust guys, literally, it's super easy. Like if you go to buy Robucks or premium, whatever the heck you want to buy, all you got to do is click this and boom, you buy some Robucks. You click here to enter your star code ANC you can do it on mobile now, which is fantastic. I better see you mobile users using it, otherwise I'm going to be upset, man. Well, I'm going to cry. I'm a really cry. Is the game over? Brandon? Dude, I swear, if this guy was the murder again, I'm going to be so cheesed. Wait a minute. It's Brandon's Clone. Kenny and look at him just teaming up and just grabbing the gun. 
Ready to lock in load. Actually, maybe they're not teamed. I don't know. Actually, they might just be. He looks so creepy with his smile. He's got a smile on his face and a smile on his shirt. He's like, I wouldn't find you. What the heck is his brother doing? His brother's doing the complete brother. Jer soi won like Ahmed Ahmed, 55 Wali. These guys are so completely oblivious to what's going on. Oh, he's shooting him around the corner. And the murderer commences. The murderer is not happy with his decision. He is ready to commence the one v one. And his sear is flying through the air like a stick of butter, ready to kill the enemy. But the enemy is naha, not giving up just yet. He is hiding behind the couch with all confidence as he runs up the stairs, ready to collide with the murderer for the victory. Hack me, please. S. Why does this guy want to be hacked so bad? I don't know how to hack, dude. So many people are so scared that I'm hacked right now, but quite honestly, I'm enjoying the time. Time as a green man. And we got the map and studio. N studio. Vote this, please, please, please. 
Oh, my God. I spoke to the green radio. See what I mean, guys? It literally works perfectly. Okay, we're going to turn around like this, and then we're just going to watch behind us because if we stand like this, it's not the exact same green, but I think if we also maybe float, maybe let's go behind this chair. I have an idea. Let's go behind this chair. And then we'll float just like this. We'll float just like this. And we'll see what's going. I don't really have a good view of the door with this is the only problem, but think actually we can probably make do right here. Like, right do right here is probably good, actually. Let's sit. Let's sit. I don't know. Yeah, definitely sit. Oh, yeah, for sure. We'll sit and we'll just wait and see if anybody walks in. And this is just working out perfectly. I'm so glad I spoiled in this room. It's probably because I'm green man. All right, anyways, we got the beautiful door over there, the beautiful door which we will see open now. Only time will tell. So let's go ahead and do the people a favor and fast forward this footage and see if anybody ever comes through that door. Meanwhile, I'll be relaxing. No, there's the murder. All right, catch you soon, hopefully. And the game's over. 
Okay, well, that didn't last as long as I thought it was, and no one felt for my truck. All right, let's see if we actually can get it again. I don't know if we're going to be able to get it again. We might. I don't know. It's sometimes I see n studio now that I know the name of the map on here more than once. So I don't know, man. I really don't know. And we didn't get it again. Okay, well, anyways, guys, that's going to be it for this video. Hopefully you guys did enjoy. If you did, make sure to go and drop a like, don't forget to use star code n and I will catch you all later. Peace. 
