So I am the murderer two times in a row. Alright, so I know the ultimate way to win this. Alright, guys, follow my move. You know, I kind of want to kill all these people here that are just like watching through the door. Oh, you missed. You missed, buddy. Sorry, Sheriff, but you missed. So the guns in here, but you guys are out there. So if you know what this means, I am coming out there to to kill all of you. Hey, what's up, guys? Nate here back with another roadblocks video. So today, guys, we're going to be doing the craziest new glitch in murder mystery two that involves the teddy bear. So if you equip this teddy bear, it may give you the ability to no clip through walls with it in various maps. And if you don't already have the teddy bear, you can buy it for 600 coins. Sadly, you cannot purchase coins with roebucks. So you're going to have to do a lot of physical and intense labor to obtain these coins, guys. And you can actually glitch right here. 
So all you guys got to do is equip the teddy bear mode and then just spam click it's about clicking as fast as you can, guys. So we got through, so can we no clip through this door and oh my goodness, you can can we get a like on the video for every wall that this is going to allow us to no clip through and we are the murderer, guys. The very first round and apparently my murder chance was 1%, so I must just be like the luckiest person in every murder mystery two server right now. There's someone playing the FBI sound effect. Oh, yeah. We're going to crash through the glass. So you got to walk forward and spam click the teddy bear lol. Nate. How does he know I'm the murderer? He's just pointing the gun right to my head. Who I kill? All right, we got through and we're the murderer. So this should be really fun. Hey, buddy, you're dead. You're dead too. Come here. You don't have a gun. You can't do anything about this. All right, so yeah, this is like an inst to win every time. 
The only way they're going to be able to kill me is if they get through here. He's trying to shoot me through the glass. Come on, try to shoot me. Try to shoot me through the glass. You won't be able to. But he only had 2 seconds to pick up the gun. This glitch is so amazing. All right, we got a trade request from the best gamer. Oh, he gave me a lucky knife. I think all of this is for free. So if I accept this straight, I might have like, some good luck. And the good luck seems to be working because we're the Sheriff. So this map right here has an amazing place to know clip all right? I'm safe in here from the murderer. I am safe. The murderer can come try to kill me, but hacker I call hacks. Oh, yeah. I just shot him through the glass, and we won. I didn't even know you could do that. So let's see if we can no clip through this gate here. And what the heck? We got Thanos here just randomly in the server. Bow down to your master. All right, so we're about to have a duel between me and Thanos. 
I mean, I have the Thanos knife. This will be a good battle. I have your knife thanos. What are you going to do about it? Yeah, this is the Thanos knife. Like, if Thanos could have any knife, it would probably be this one. I will snap you into dust. All right, I can't wait to battle Thanos. It will be, like, a boss battle in murder mystery, too. Please, Nate, be nice. Is he just predicting that I'm going to be the murderer? Like, I just transform into the evil version of myself and just turn into the murderer? All right, Thanos really thought he could take me down this entire time, but now evil Napkin Eight has become the murderer. All right, so we can't be too quiet or they're just going to automatically assume I'm the murderer. So we got to play it cool, like, do some obbies and stuff and, like, jump on the trampoline, maybe even act like this is another player. It is another player. It was, like, their arm that freaked the heck out of me. All right. Where's Thanos? I'm going to kill him first. So there's a really good no clip place right here on the map, guys. So you can either no clip here or through the door. I swear, Thanos gets too close to me. He's getting the blade. 
Nate murderer. What? Why is he trying to troll me? Wait, does he sense that I'm the murderer? Is he hacking? All right, let's get through the door. Let's do this. I'm going to kill Thanos with his own knife through the door. I slayed Thanos with his own knife. What are you guys going to do, try to shoot me through the wall, huh? Come in here. Come in here to try to kill me? You're dead, zombie. You're dead, too, boy with the duck on your head, right? He just tried to wave through the door. Is he waving by to me? Is this guy the sheriff? I'm going to throw the knife through the door. I cannot do that. I would have broke the window. Well, the sheriff's getting really close to the door. All right, come on. Come on, Sheriff. Get close to the door. I'm going to give you a free teddy bear. I killed the sheriff. I think the gun is in the wall. Guys, it's in the wall. Only have eight more seconds. I couldn't get out in time. So we're the sheriff in the police station map. We have been becoming the murderer in the sheriff so many times. That guy really gave me, like, good luck. Is that the murderer? Is the man with many faces the murderer? 
Because I'm the sheriff, all right? I'm doing target practice. I'll even show them I'm the sheriff. Look at this. Oh. What the thanos is the murderer. I think he is. Thanos is the murderer. I'm going to have to kill Thanos at the shooting range. I don't think he knows I'm the sheriff. Oh, he's killing everybody. He's going to save me for last. Where's the purple boy? Where the crap is he? All right, so Thanos could be lurking around any one of these corners. Where that quiet. He's coming out of the shooting range. He pretty much just, like, turned into my target there, and I just killed him. All right, so what are we going to be? All right? I'm the murderer. That's the laugh of a murderer. Okay, so this guy's got a teddy bear. He just fell out the window. He just crashed his body through the window and hit the ground. He might have, like, massive bodily damages here. I might need to take him out of his misery. You two, astronaut boy. So I don't know who the murderer is, but I'm going to go ahead and prepare for the worst by no clipping my entire body through this wall and I'm in. 
So if the murderer wants to kill me, they're going to have to hack through the wall. What? This person's freaking out. I mean, we win if we stay here, but I kind of want to be, like, the hero of the day. What the look how many freaking dead bodies are in here? Thanos thanos is killing all of them. He's turning them all into, like, green acid. The bodies look like acidic waste. No, no. All right, it looks like Thanos is trying to, like, exit to the border of the map. I think he's trying to kill it dead. What is he doing? Why is he stabbing thin air? Oh, he's trying to kill this guy. I'm going to sneak over to the top of this truck and kill him. Can I jump on the truck? I can jump on the truck. He's sitting. He's sitting here. He's frowning. He's surrendering when you're dead. You're dead. Thanos there's no more surrendering when you're dead. He literally surrendered because he couldn't kill the guy. That glitched. I'm the murderer, but apparently my chance to be the murderer is only 8%, so I don't know why they made me the we got Michael Myers here. 
We got Michael Myers in the server, so I'm going to act like he is the murderer. It's Michael. He is definitely the murderer. It's got to be him. I mean, think about how many people he has killed in the movies. He just believed me. He literally just believed me. Oh, my goodness. He just killed him. Poor Michael. No, no. I just saw what you tried to do. I'm invisible. Well, now you're all dead. Why is he running in a straight line? This guy doesn't even see me coming. And there's also an invisible person. How is that guy invisible? He is not the murderer. So is there like, an invisible Glitch? How so? Who has left? The gun is still intact, all right? Michael Myers is dead. Well, there's a guy just standing right here. I got to wash this knife off. After all the people I killed, you're dead. So there's got to be, like, one left. 
I'm going to go invisible mode. Hey, what's up, buddy? I'm invisible. He had no idea I was there. Why was he camping? The gun? I think he was actually, like, waiting for me. So I'm the sheriff. Wow, he's getting really close. So I can either, A, avoid the murderer by no clipping or B, hide in a hospital bed like I'm already dead. And I think I'm going to do the latter. If I levitate, he won't hear my footsteps. Yeah, crouch. He's gotten low. He has no idea where we are. A few moments later, he's right here, isn't he? He's invisible. He said peekaboo. He ran into my shot. He ran into it. Yeah. We won. Okay. I went AFK for a few rounds and I'm the sheriff again, so I'm just hiding in the back of this truck. And the truck is currently taking me somewhere. All right, with the power of imagination, this truck this truck is driving somewhere. All right, we're going somewhere. The road's kind of rocky. I don't know where I'm being delivered to, but possibly to the murderer. 
All right, that failed. That failed. I'm just going to drop down into the sewer system now. I'm going down into here. Come on, murderer. Jump down. If you want to face me. Do it. Yeah. What? Who won? Who won? I don't know what that was, but I'm pretty sure I killed him first. It should have not been a draw because I definitely killed him first. Yeah. I won. I won. I popped him with a laser gun, but I also died. I killed you and you killed me. That was epic. So we're playing as an innocent this round. This guy's like nate, follow me. All right. What's he doing? I think he's the murderer. Why would he lead me towards him? All right, the murderer is an astronaut. He is an astronaut. Come on, sheriff. Sheriff. The sheriff has cornered us into this closet. All right? He's going to protect us here. I hope. Oh, he died. How did he die? From nothing. Where's the freaking space? Murderer? From outer space. Invisible. 
No, now he's visible again. Come upstairs to live forever. I think they're all going to die, like, right here. He can't use the skill for a little bit of time. He's here. He's freaking here. No. Where did he go? Oh, my he is visible again. All right, I think I'm the only one left. This poor, poor mutant. Oh, shoot. He's hopping around over here. He's in this room. He's in the room. I'm just going to shoot him through the wall. Oh, he just teleported behind me. He said, Come here. Okay, I declined that. You know, I'm just going to hide in the microwave like I'm a Hot Pocket. I was only, like, 1ft away from him. I'm pretty sure he was attempting to throw the knife at me. Luckily, I did not have to hop in the microwave. So we're the murderer yet again. Come here, radio girl. I got a speed perk. He thinks I don't know how to get up here. Who doesn't know how to get up here, you maniac? All right, I think there's only one left. Look at him. Look at him. I think he's going to try to glitch through. I'm going to beat him to it and stab him through the wall. 
Don't you do it. He was, like, spinning on the ground. No, I just killed him through the wall and won. What the heck? What? That was so insane. All right, after killing all those people, it makes sense. We play on the hospital map, I am the murderer two times in a row. All right, so I know the ultimate way to win this. All right, guys, follow my move. You know, I kind of want to kill all these people here that are just, like, watching through the door. Oh, you missed. You missed, buddy. Sorry, Sheriff, but you missed. So the guns in here, but you guys are out there, so I hope you know what this means. I am coming out there to kill all of you. Oh, my goodness. They actually thought I wasn't going to be able to kill them. I just threw myself through the window and killed all of them. Well, if you did enjoy the video of me absolutely destroying it in Murder Mystery, too, with the new Noclip Glitch, make sure to drop a like down below and subscribe to the channel if you are new. 
And if you haven't already, hit that notification bell so you never miss new Roblox Video. And thank you guys so much for watching. And peace out, guys. 
