Alright, guys, welcome back to another video. This is the third episode, I think of me on my new account. We're gonna have to, you know, play the game like everybody else. I think when people start off, a lot of them kind of beg in servers. And this right here is a super, super rich server. Maybe we could do a nice little trade or something. I just turned on my trades. A lot of people still don't know that it's me. You can see that everybody's still over there in the middle of town, but let's just go ahead and get to trading and let's see what we can get at today. This is everything that I have right now, bro. We started off with literally nothing, man. Well, maybe like five pets, which is essentially nothing because they weren't good. Look at all of this, man. This is everything. We got two episodes in, so I wonder if we can maybe double this again, this third episode. But we can do a minion. Those actually might be worth something. So let's put them up. She said yes. Show me. This is the minion. And wait, she's going to pay all of that? Oh, my God. Yes. You liked it? I can change? No, you don't have to change anything. You are good. You guys, I have to say this. Every single video, bro. All of these pets that we're going to get on this account, the goal I should have started off the video like this. The goal of this account is to get a Megan Shadow dragon, which I will give back to you guys. 
We're going to do a giveaway. I think it'll be so cool if somebody will get a Mega neon shadow dragon, man. If we ever get one, we're going to try to trade our way all the way up. This is a really good first trade, dude. Minion for a lot of legendary. Legendary axle, legendary peacock, legendary chimera at. Shout out to this girl, man. She literally hooked me up. Oh, my gosh. What is that? Oh, it's a frost dragon heap spray painted black. That's kind of cool. What the heck? All right, so up next is So Young Pie. Let's put up a oh, free. Okay. Cracked that. I'll take it. I don't feel too bad because it's a cracked egg. They're really, really cheap and nobody really wants them. I mean, hey, we got to start off somewhere, bro. So I'll take the cracked egg. All right, there we go. Let's confirm. And our inventory, bro, is looking pretty good, man. Oh, yo, who gave me a bee? All right. Nice. All right, adopt me. Trader Seven is up next. We are going to try and trade away the beaver, which I think might be worth something. I know it's not like dirt cheap. I think it's a rare pet. What are you saying? Oh, my gosh. 
I am poor. What you got? I have some pretty good stuff. I wouldn't even say that I'm poor anymore. Two episodes ago, I was, but not anymore. I'm trying to get a mega shadow dragon. I have pretty much stuff that's in game. Nothing out of game yet. I mean, unless you want to say a ponies out of game, which I guess technically it is, or a bat. But when I say that, like, stuff that's out of game, you guys know what I mean? Like an evil unicorn or Frost dragging a shadow dragon. A bat dragon, a giraffe. Like the really old pets that are no longer in the game. All right, so this guy put up a lunar tie tiger. He said this is free. Okay, here. I don't want to take it free. Actually, I do feel kind of bad. I'll give him a cat. We got to at least give him something, man. Will this be in a vid? Yeah, actually, it is. I am recording. Yes. You're going to be in the video. Bob. Who's this, bro? What the heck? It's like a rat riding a motorcycle. The mono moped. Bob might give me this tiger, which is a pretty good trade from a cat there. Technically, both are cats, but this one's, the tiger's worth more. Yo, bro. No way. I hope this helps. Shout out to you, Bob. All right, but this is our inventory now. Look at this, you guys. That's so crazy, bro. We literally only played on this account, like, three times, and look at what we got. 
Not bad. All right, let's keep going, and let's see what else we got. So I typed in that I'm trading my beaver. I had to type in beaver because it bleaked out the word beaver so high. Sitter Saw is up next. Let's go ahead and put up the beaver. Let's see what we get offered today. Oscar Rex. A Japan egg and an ocean. An egg and another Japan egg. That's really good. I probably would have done it for just the Scotty Rex, to be honest with you. Let's hit accept on this one. I kind of want to see if we can single somebody out. If we see somebody with, like, a regular evil unicorn or something or a crow, we're going to try to offer for it free. Robot you got to at least take the beaver. At least take the beaver. All right, let's hit confirm. I said thank you, you guys, for all of these people, bro, that are hooking me up. I hope you guys know if you guys are watching this video, you're helping out the channel. You guys know these pets not going to keep roll. I don't ever take pets from you guys. We're going to give all of these pets away, man. Once we get that mega shadow dragon, which I know we're going to get, bro, if we keep going the way we're going, I feel like we might get it soon. Oh, man. Look at this. How are we getting so much ponies? Do people not like them? Why are there so many ponies in the game? 
Oh, you know what we did last time? We traded, like, the really, really rich people in the server. Oh, okay. I said hi. It's me, Rolex. I'm on my alt. I'm trying to trade my way up to a megastado on a new account, which is this one. Now, would you be interested in offering for my b? Oh, dang it. He just declined. Is this all rich people treat poor people in this game. They just treat them like trash. He doesn't even say nothing to me, bro. When you guys trade me with bad offers, I at least half the time I at least type something. More than half the time I'm like, hey, good offer, and then I decline. Rich people are so mean in this game, bro. I forgot what it feels like to be poor. Everybody just bullies you, bro. They just treat you like trash in this game. All right, so ELO zero one, s 40. Now that I think about it, I do that to some people sometimes. Bro, this video series really is making me reflect on myself. Oh, no, they decline. That sucks. All right, let's keep going. We're off to a very good start on this video, man. We got at least 20 more pets. All right, nevoxo 24 37. I am poor too. I am more poor. All right, let's go ahead and decline that guy, and let's trade somebody else here. 
This girl seems cool. Her name is Random. Let's trade Random or Ariana. Oh, no, she declined. I deny ariana. I am rolex. It's my alt account. Would you take a mega uni for any of the front? Oh, she's just completely ignoring me. Why do rich people treat poor people so bad? Look at this girl, too. I know how you feel. Insist. And this is a new account. Rich people treat us like dirt. They are so mean to poor people because we stink. I'm actually starting to see what it's like to be poor in the game. It's not fun, dude. Nobody wants to talk to you, nobody wants to be your friend, and they don't even want to trade you, man. It sucks. Oh, chicago jet trading me. Okay. All right, so Chicago Jet is putting up a corgi and a Persian cat for the beaver. We are going to hit accept. It doesn't seem that bad. Let's go ahead. Let's try to trade this guy. He has a neon draft, bro. Oh, he accepted. Okay. Hi. I'm rolex is my alt. I'm trying to get to a mega shadow. Please don't decline. Please don't decline. Okay, maybe you've seen the video I want to offer for my beat. Why does it bleep out beaver? Oh, I did just trade it away. 
Okay, let's just have an offer for my beat. I'm trying to trade my way up. Oh, a neon shark. I love trading rich people are I am in Vid. Yes, bro. Let me get that neon shark. That will actually help me out a lot. Oh, he declined. Let's try at least one offer here. Let's do this guy Chicago Jet. He has an evil uni. I said, it's me, Roblix. An offer for your evil uni. Let's try I'm going to just literally fill up my whole box. Rideable skelly rex. Let's give him an oceanic, a zebra, a chimera. Let's do neon murhorse. Should we do neon lunar ox? Okay. Rideable zombie buffalo. And that's literally all I have. We can try a snowball pet and we'll remove the Albino bat and we can add what's is worth more than an Albino bat? I don't think much. At least not none of these things in my inventory. Oh, we could try a peacock. Let's get rid of the ocean egg. I think an Albino bat is worth more. Okay, so there. This is my offer. This is all I got, man. I don't think he's going to do it, man. I'm under oh, okay. Wait a minute. Hold on. He got rid of it. I think he might try to offer for this. This is no joke. All the stuff that I have right now that we have three Neon Pats, if we get a few more, we can probably go around a server and say, trading all of my neon pets for an evil unicorn, and I think 
we might get people to do it. So he said, it's free. Let me at least add something. I still feel bad taking stuff for free, even though this is like a whole another account. We'll add a poodle. He said, I don't want these pets. Yeah, we'll take them. We'll at least give you the poodle, bro. Oh, this video is so much harder than I thought it was going to be, man. Our inventory is growing every single video. I can honestly say, bro, I think we doubled our inventory again, we keep on doubling our inventory, but the thing is, although we're doubling it, it's nothing super crazy, right? None of these pets are going to help me get to an evil unicorn. I feel like that's the next thing we should really shoot for. These are all, like, regular pets. Yeah, our inventory is growing, but it's not growing in a good way. Like, we're getting trash pets right now. I think the best way to kind of grow in this game now at the point that we're at is to trade away as many pets as we can. All I want to hold onto are the neon right now and stack up as many as I can. 
And then when I have, like, nine of them, I'll go around in a server and I'll say, trading all my neon pads for an evil unicorn. I think somebody might take it. I think that should be our next goal anyways. You guys that's going to be the end of this video. Make sure to subscribe to the Real life channel we're posting weekly on there. I will see you guys in the next one. 
