Hello everybody. Welcome back to my channel. And today I'm gonna be doing one of the most requested videos. Since it's almost December, which means Christmas season, I decided to help you guys out. So, yes, guys, I am doing a how to get rich video part. I don't know, five maybe or six, I'm not really sure. I've done these videos a lot and people have been asking me recently again and again, how do you get so rich? Especially for my new viewers. And I have a whole new list of tips and tricks on how to get rich. Make sure to like and subscribe if you enjoy the video and if it helps you out. Anyways, let's begin. If you are the type of person that has one to two Legendaries or a few good Legendaries, or a few good Mega Neons or a few good Neons or anything, just practically not such a rich inventory, but like a middle rich inventory, then this is definitely the video for you. However, if you got hacked or you just want to start fresh and you have zero pets, then this is definitely also the video for you, as I also tell you some free methods on how to get rich. 
So, yeah, keep watching. So the first method is that you need to learn the different types of values that traders use in Adopt Me. There are three main values in Adopt Me. So the first one is obviously preppy values. Preppy values are when you trade cute pet and mainly people that are dressed up like this, which is called preppy's trade for preppy values. Prepi values is basically when prepies these pets trade for pets and overpay, usually most of the time for pets that are pretty, pretty or cute. The next set of values are happy values. This is basically when you trade for a pet that you really, really want, even if the trade is under over. You just really don't care about values and all you care about is how happy you are. This polar bear isn't actually an example of preppy values and happy values. It's most people's dream pets, especially since this nerd winter. And also here is this Poodle that is also worth preppy values. Usually Mega Poodles and Neon Poodles. 
And here is a Mega album is definitely preppy values. It's very, very cute. People love it, preppies love it and they will usually tend to overpay for this. Next time you're trading cute pets, make sure to trade preppies or somebody that uses happier preppy values since they tend to overpay. The next set of values are normal values. Normal values are basically what most people use. For example, the shadow dragon is the rarest pet in the game. However, the way that this is different from preppy values is that preppy don't like shadow dragons. Since shadow dragons aren't that cute, they look cool, but they just aren't that cute. Say they would most likely underpay for your Shadow Dragon. That's why you should usually use real values for your Shadow Dragons. My next tip is something that lots and lots of people do never ever overpay for any pets. It doesn't matter how much you really want the pet, don't overpay for it. Because the truth is that you can get much better pets. When people overpay, they always downgrade their inventory so the value of their inventory just goes down. And that's definitely not how to get rich. So whenever you're doing a trade that you really really want, just ask them to add or something so it becomes a bit more fair. 
If they don't want to add, then it doesn't matter. Just change your offer or completely just decline the trade and find somebody else. Because trust me, so many more people have a new giraffe. If they don't want to do a new offer, just decline because you don't want to seem desperate at all. If it was a fair trade, then they usually will come back to you and ask them to do the trade again. And based on my experiences, whenever I'm a little bit over or the trade is actually really fair, they always end up declining and then coming back to me and saying, can I do the trade? So don't let them trick you. They're just trying to make you overpay. Pets are super duper rare as soon as they come out, since everybody wants them and not a lot of people can get them. This is not the best example. However, the Person boots example is pretty bad because not a lot of people want this pet since it's not legendary and it's really easy to get. But really good examples are the Christmas updates and the Halloween updates. Try to immediately get the pets before everybody else because when you trade them, at first they have a higher value and then soon they will start to decrease in value. 
I have this undead Juicing horse which was 1000 Roebucks and this is why not a lot of people could get it because it was in the last week of Halloween, which means you only had one week to get this Halloween horse. And this is why it's actually pretty rare now. Imagine how rare this would be if I had a Neon or a Mega Neon. The truth is I actually did have a Neon. I made a Neon and I traded it as soon as I made it Neon. And I got some amazing offers, including a neon shed dragon. Since people were so desperate for this, but I kind of feel like they regret it now because it's definitely gone low in value. This happens to lots of people when they ask me what is my pet worth, a great example is a Baku. Not a lot of people know what Baku's are worth, so what I recommend to do is just search up what it's worth. Adopt me. Trading values is an amazing website where you can actually see what your pet is worth. This is not sponsored by the way, so I'm actually not being biased, but it actually is something that I usually like to use when I'm trading. 
So as you can see, this is what a Baku was worth. It's worth a few Neonaginaries and it's worth a few Mega Neons and some pretty rare toys. But it's not worth anything more than that. So honestly don't expect anything more for proof that this is actually true and legit. As you can see, I saw the worth of a Bat dragon and these are definitely worth a Bat dragon. Not really the charter dragon but again it did say items close in value. Always try to find desperate traders. Desperate traders are when they send you the trade request or they ask to offer for your pets. This means that they want your pets more than you want their pets. For example, this person wants to give me a frost dragon for my Neon backDragon and my Neon Crow and obviously this is a pretty fair trade. But since they're desperate, ask them to add even though it's a fair trade. This is called the Whispering Method and you've probably already heard of this and if you haven't then you probably will hear it even more. It's basically when you make your pets seem more valuable than it actually is. And it's actually pretty smart I can't like because now they're going to add random stuff and you're basically going to get a few extra free pets. 
Well, not really free pets but kind of like a little bit of an over trade. There we go. This is pretty decent and we're going to go ahead and accept now. Great trade for us. Another way to find out the real value of your pet is to watch Adopt SME trading videos. There are many great YouTubers that love to trade so look at what pets they're being offered for their pet and you'll see if it's a good trade or not, depending on what the YouTuber says. However, don't watch really old videos. For example, this one, that's two years ago because the truth is that the value of the giraffe has probably changed. A really famous trading YouTuber is called Fishy Blocks where he trades his pets. As you can see, he's trading this Mega Therapy Dog and you'll be able to see what the Mega Therapy Dog is worth by watching this video. I once saw offers for Misstating the Bad Dragon and as you can see in this video, I definitely recommend watching it. By the way, if you would like to know what the Mega Bad Dragon is worth, basically I rate trades that I get for my Mega Bat Dragon and the higher the number is, the better trade it is. 
However, if you still don't understand what your pet is worth, then go ahead and use Tradery. Basically you search up the pet that you would like to know the value of. And instead of offering for the pet, you see other people's offers or what people are trading that pet for. For example, if I do a shadow dragon and I see a Mega shadow dragon, I can actually see what people are trading the shadow dragon for. This person is trading a Neon shadow dragon for three regular shadow dragons, which probably means that this is what it's worth and it actually is the truth as well. What you can also do is you can just click on the shadow dragon and then you can see what other people are offering for the shadow dragon. So this person is offering a Mega Neon Frost dragon and Meganeon Parrot and tuning on Frost Dragons for a Mega shadow dragon, which is actually not a bad trade. But this trade remitted to find out what your pet is worth. I don't really recommend it since it's not always honest and you might accidentally get influenced by very bad trades. 
If you need to find good trades for your pet and you are kind of struggling to do this, I have some tips for you. Join Ridge Trading servers that are up to your level and I can help you with this. Set up my username on users X on the Xmyst X and then you want to click on my profile and you can scroll down until you see my group Sunny XmasI. It has 500K members, so just for you to know it's the real me. And you can see there are three servers server 17273. Server one are for mainly really rich people. Server two are for decent traders. And servers three are for people that just want to trade like Legendaries. Not really too rare Legendaries, but like Legendaries. Hopefully in these servers you can actually meet the correct people and you can find the best trades. If you don't want to do that, another way is to click on Adoption. Scroll down to servers and you want to see servers that have rich people in it or people that usually like to spend lots of Robucks on their avatar. It usually means they're rich. 
However, don't underestimate people that look like they have no roebucks because they are sometimes also very rich. If you have an absolutely worthless path that you're not getting any good offers for, for example a Penguin, which is not even in game anymore, what you have to do is just make make a Neon or a Megane. Since it's so worthless, the worth will go up when it's Neon or Megane. And the best bit about this is you can even get like RGB boxes if you make a Neon or a Mega Neon, which is great. I had lots of penguin, so I made it Meganeon and Neon. I traded the Meganeon for a great trade and I still have my Neon left. And still to this day I get some really good offers for my Neon Penguin, especially since they're out of game since I made it Meganeon and Neon. I also ended up getting the RGB box, which I ended up opening and got a chameleon out of, which was amazing. A little trading tip is whenever you are trading a pet, say in your roleplay name trading Mega downmation, because this way you can literally go AFK and people will know you're trading a Mega pet, for example, Mega Dalmatian, and they will end up trading you. And when you come back after being AFK, you will be able to have all these lovely trades in front of you. 
Make sure the pet is actually worth something pretty good, because nobody wouldn't want to trade you if it's a pet that not a lot of people like this Mega Dalmation is literally worth a Neon Frost Dragon, mainly since this is a Christmas pet. And most of the Christmas pets, for example, Mega Polo Bears, Mega Arctic foxes, are all really increasing in value, so definitely try to get them before they worse a lot. I've been stocking up on my Christmas pets. Also, by the way, here's a trade that I did for the Mega. Damnation. People barely go to the pet shop are forgetting that some of the pet wear in here are actually pretty rare, and you can get some decent trades with these. The reason the pet wear is actually sometimes pretty rare is because they usually like to rotate the pet wear and sometimes they never come back. I'm not 100% sure, but this pal bead might not come back. I'm not really sure though. And people offer for this like crazy, especially preppy that want cute clothing on their pets. This kind of brings me onto my second tip, the chest. I bet most of you guys didn't even know what is in the chest and what legendaries there are, what UltraRes and stuff like that are in the actual chest. 
As you can see, it's not even that expensive. So that's pretty cool. Let's go ahead and open it and let me show you guys what you can actually end up getting. As you can see, there's this really cool money hat that's legendary, a light bubble hat. And you guys know that lots of people don't even know that this exists. And adopts me. Absolutely amazing tip is try and spend most of your bucks on this, invest in it, and basically try to get the money hat or the light bulb, because people will not even know what it is and really want it and overpay for it, even though it's not even worth that much. Same thing goes for the Sky Tower, the wings and that you find in the Sky Tower. As you can see, not a lot of people are here. That's because not a lot of people remember about this and they just think it's a waste of time. It's worth row bucks, I think, and one is worth bucks, $600. And not a lot of people have wings. However, when you actually hatch the legendary wings, they are worth quite a lot. There's this called the magic girl wings and dragonfly fairy wings. 
These are so adorable and they are actually worth more than you think. They're not worth crazy amounts but they are worth like a good neon legendary since these are pretty hard to get and I bet you probably have never ever seen people trade these wings, especially those legendary ones, the magic one and the dragonfly one. So the quicker you see offers for these the more overpaid you'll get. A hack to make lots of bucks very quickly is basically when it adopts absolutely every single baby you see. They all have the same needs at the same time. So when you go to that destination, you'll basically get bucks for every single kid that you have in your family as well as their pet and your pet that you have out. And trust me, you can make so much money at once and it's honestly absolutely amazing. And the best part is that you can literally be AFK, for example the school. When all of the babies need to go to the school, you'll be just be chilling in the school and every single time they need to go to the school you'll get lots of money. Get your hot dog stands out, get your lemonade stands out, get your ice cream stands out, put them to the highest price and go ahead and sell your unwanted pets. 
Please remember, the maximum the person can pay you is $100. So you make sure your pet that you're trading is worth at least up to $100. There is a risk of scam, however, just ask them to go first and don't scam them please. Because if you do scam them, you just have a higher increased chance of getting them. This is for all you roebucks addicts kind of like me where you really spend lots of Robucks on a new update to get all the different pets. For example, the Chow chow's. I really tried my hardest. I spent so much Robucks like around 10,000 roebucks to get the Golden Chow Chow. However I ended up never ever getting it. However, I did get duplicates of some of the black Chow Chow's which is also legendary. So what I ended up doing was I traded the black chow chow and ads for a golden chow chow. Therefore I didn't end up having to try spending more Robucks to get a Golden Chow Chow. Trust me, if you guys want money then go ahead and use the new update which is like the hairdresser update, the pizza update because you get so much money basically for free for just standing there. 
Just watch this. All I'm going to do is get a hairspray out and spray my arctic brainstorm. And what you want to do is we just want to wait for like a few seconds and basically you get $15 every single minute. So you can basically be AFK and you will still get $15 every single minute. I just stood here for the past minute and I already got $10. If hairdressing isn't for you, then try the pizza place since it's actually really fun here and the pay is the same. The sad thing is that you actually have to do stuff to get the money. That is why I prefer the hairdresser method. Don't get manipulated into doing bad trades. Smart traders absolutely love to manipulate people. They make their offer seem very, very over and this is kind of similar to the whisper method. However, they are kind of guilt tripping you in this. They'll give you an offer. For example, this offer is definitely not fair at all and they need to add a lot and lots. However, they are going to say to you that they are over, but they're still going to do it. 
It makes you feel like you're doing a really good trade. However, you're not actually. And yes, sometimes you even feel bad for them. So if somebody usually says they are over, it's usually them just manipulating you. So usually just decline or see the values of the pet and see if your pet is definitely worth their offer. However, it's not always the case when they say they're over. Sometimes they actually are over. So just make sure to think wisely and check with your values. I hope this helps you guys get rich heart. Make sure to let me know on an update on your inventory. If you do these methods a lot, then you will definitely see an improvement in your inventory. Anyways, that was it for today's video. I hope you guys enjoyed. If you did, make sure to like subscribe and I will see you guys in my next video. Bye everybody, please. 
