I made a brand new account that has absolutely nothing. We're gonna go from a poor adopt me player to a rich adopt me player. But before we get into the video, if you guys want your own megapit, all you guys have to do is leave a like on the video, hit the subscribe button and comment down your Roblox username. Also, don't forget to use star code fishy when buying Robucks. Alright guys, so I just made this brand new account. I'm gonna see if I can go from being a poor adopt me player to a super rich adopt me player. But just not any rich adopt me player. I want to get a Mega Neon legendary pet that's no longer in game. I'm going to do this completely from scratch if I'm a real adopt me player and I'm going to try and get rich any way possible. I already got a trade. I don't know if they're going to give me a pet. They probably think I'm new. I feel like they feel bad for me because they just saw me with a starter egg. I'm going to hit accept. They could be trolling me or they could ask, oh, they're trolling me. Or maybe they're gonna give me one hyper speed potion. You know what? This is not bad. Dane made this challenge so much easier. I got a high presped potion already and I didn't even do anything. I was just walking around talking about my intro and they hit accept. 
Alright, so it doesn't look like anyone has given me more free stuff. The best thing to do is probably hatch the starter egg and get the pet to full grown. All right, there we go. The starter egg is hatched now. Time to make this full grown, which shouldn't take too long. Oh, we got a cat. Not a dog. All right, guys, so I was grinding forbid and I got a full grown cat. And I also still have the hyper potion. I want to see if I can trade this full grown cat. Wait, someone already sent me a trade request. I'll put this maybe. Wait, I don't know if that's rare. The medieval Grapple and I mean, I feel like it's an ultra rare. I should do this trade. If they want to do the trade, they hit next. All right. This is going pretty good. I feel like the full grown adds so much value to any pet because it makes it easier to make a Neon. No one likes raising pets. Although it's only a comment, it didn't take me that long to raise it. And I'll hit confirm. I don't know. Is this out of game? What pet is this? Actually, I need to take it out. I got to say thank you to everyone. Just traded me this. I feel like I just got a huge win so far. We have the shibu inu and I still have my hyper speed potion. And that was really fast. I hit record and someone traded me right away again, which is amazing. All right, so I see this first time trading a ride cow. 
I really feel like I don't have a good offer, but I'm going to try my best and offer them what are we whatever I have I have the sheepa e nube, and I also have this hyper speed potion, and they declined right away. I kind of knew that was going to happen. Okay, there's no reason for them to call me a noob. They just said, oh, noob. Why you built like that? Now they're making fun of my roblox character. Built like what? What am I built like? I'm like a default bacon. Why is this person laughing at me? I'm wearing Gucci and you're wearing that? I mean, this looks kind of nice. I like what I'm wearing. Is that gucci, though? Oh, yeah, that's like fake Gucci. It's not even the real Gucci. I was just going to say that's fake. I want to see what they have to say. Please. My dog could have better. Oh, my gosh. What are they doing? I was just trying to get some trades. There's no reason for them to be this toxic out of nowhere. And what is this person said, your hair is looking sizzly. I don't know if they're also bullying me or is that a compliment? 
Is that a compliment that I have bacon hair? This is getting a little bit too weird. I'm just going to walk away. I might switch servers to trade this. They're talking about eating my hair. I just kind of lost them. What are they even saying? Come here, bacon. Oh, yeah. I'm not going to come here. And that's so weird. Honestly, I just want to trade my shiba inu. I want to see if I can get a good trade trading shiba inu. And hopefully someone has a good trade for me. I could try leveling up to full grown. I feel like that would help me trade it faster because people love full grown pets and oh, no, it's the same guy. I was trying to eat my hair. They called me Sizzly hair Mr. Bacon. Oh, my gosh. What should I say? What? Honestly, I don't want to talk to them. Okay. They said, I'm sorry we're calling you Sizzly. I mean, I still don't know if that's a compliment. Like, being Sizzling is not that bad. I feel bad. I think they're just joking around. It wasn't even that bad. They just called me bacon hair. Are you new? I mean, I'm not, but for the challenge, I am. I'm kind of new. Can I donate a pet let's trade offer for my stuff. 
I'm just going to tell them let's trade. Oh, they sent me a trade request already. I don't want to take their stuff. I mean, I could take their stuff. No, no, no. I want to do an actual trade. I also have this hyper speed potion. I don't know what they're going to offer for this. This is all I have. I got the hyperspeed potion for free, and I trained the shibu enu for a full grown cat, so all right, so let's see if he offers anything good. I really just want one good item. I feel like maybe I can get, like, another ultra bear, like a penguin. Whoa. A lot. Okay. There's no way he's going to do the lamb. I feel like he's still trying to troll me, which also posted so I could make it full grown and give it so much more value if I could grow this. So we got to see if they actually do the trade first I have for speed potion and the shiba inu. They hit accept. They actually hit accept. So we just got ourselves a Llama. This challenge is actually going by so fast. Whoa. There's a trick right here. This is, like, the best pet on the top. Wait, I got to say thank you. I feel so bad. I hope you get more good pets. Thank you so much. Honestly, shout out to this person right here. 
Even though they called me bacon head and tried bullying me and eating my hair, they also did gave me the Llama, which helps me out so much. It doesn't have any potions, and it is posting, though, so I probably could get a really good trade for it. I feel like the Llamas are a little bit harder to trade. I see this person with wait, I think that's the person that gave me the Llama anyways. Oh, he wants to give it to me. You know what? I'll take it just for the sake of the challenge, as it was yours in the first place. That is true. It was mine in the first place. I'll give him a sandwich. Not bad. Even if I kept the shiba enu, I feel like I probably could have traded for, like, a metal ox, too. The metal ox are super easy to trade for because so many people have them. I feel like maybe I can treat the metal oxygen the daughter if this goes through. All right, huge shout out to park again. He gave me the Llama and the shiba inu or me the metal ox, and he said, enjoy, Mr. What for the Llama. Oh, this guy wants to offer for the Llama. All right. A snow owl. Okay. That is a good trade. I feel like. Oh, no, they took it out. I'm gonna put a chat. Put the snow owl. I'm kind of interested for the snow owl, not the false wag. 
That is that is a huge underpaid from them. I'm just going to decline. I feel like that wasn't a serious offer. All right, let's keep on trying to trade the Llama. Honestly, I've had the worst luck. This person said, ABC, if you want a free pet, I'm going to say ABC. I actually do want a free pet. I feel like, oh, no. Someone else said ABC. Oh, no. Three people said ABC. Four people said ABC. All right, so it looks like there's going to be a competition for free pet. Everyone spamming ABC. You know what? I guess I have to spam ABC as well. Oh, no. Oh, wait, she said follow me. She walked away. Oh, no. There's so much there's so many people that want a free pet, but only one person saw them walk away, so that means there's less competition. Oh, she went over here. How do we get free pet? All right, there are so many people that wanted the free pep, but no one saw her walk away, so this is perfect. All right. This is sit down. All right, what is going on? All right, there's, like, five people that wanted the free pet, but only one person came with me. 
So let's see what we have to do to get a free pet. Trivia test. Oh, we have to answer Trivia. How many winners? Oh, wait, no. Someone else came. I really need the free pet to get rich and adopt me. So far, we have a llama and the metal ox. And how many do you think SMH? One. Oh, that was only one winner. Oh, no. They're actually in my competition. Only one person will win. Which came first, giraffe or parrot? Giraffe. I answered that first. There's no way no one answered that first before me. This guy said, Good game, guys, and I don't even know what this version said. Parrot. All right, this version didn't even give an answer. I have to have one correct. I won. Wait, did I already win? They just typed your rap, like, 20 seconds late. I don't even know how I won. Was it only one question? They said no. Next round. Okay, so I have one point. How do we win? I don't even know how we win. And Derek over here thinks, oh, that's the guy that gave me the free path. We have three rounds, and the person wait, the first person to get it right first the most times wins. 
I don't know what they just said, but I think whoever gets the most right out of three rounds wins. So far, I have one out of three. So if I win one more, I feel like I'm going to win this challenge. Let's see what they have to say. Wait, which is a legendary trex or cappy barrett? Oh, wait. Was this gelly rex? I don't really know because it's blank. Galley. Because I'm put skelly rex. I spelled it wrong. Maybe if I spell it right, I'll get it right. Oh, no. It's legendary trex. It was blanked out. Where is the caddy coming from? Oh, Halloween. I typed it first. Oh, no. Why's it blank? Halloween. Oh, no. Okay, I fixed it. This guy said Christmas. Two guests. No. And I said Halloween before Cherry, so I think I went I got two out of three, right? Correct. Yes. I won. All right. This person is actually really nice. And good job, guys. Even though she lost, she didn't get a single answer right. She has still been super nice. All right, wait. I think I finally get my prize. 
Let's see what Beer Trees has to give me. Honestly, I feel like there's no way. She has been, like, super toxic, telling us, like, when oh, there's no way. She's asking what I got. And the guy that was giving me free pets, she said, Hush, Derek, he lost. And he keeps on saying breaks. I don't know if this is actually real. I feel like they troll me. There is no way they're going to give me this Arctic reindeer for free. It's also full grown. There's no way. Mr. Bacon. Sizzley. Oh, no. There's no way. Sizzley Bacon. They already said sorry. Stop. Congrats. Give me my pets back. At least be happy. See this person right here, valerie is being so nice. Like, even though she lost, she's still being super cool about it. Their beef. I gave you free pets. I want them back. I won. Guys, this is the person that gave me the llama and the metal ox and he took my prize. I kind of don't even want to show them the prize. All right, so he's being really toxic and they're being I don't know, one of them is really nice. 
And Derek is being toxic for no reason. He said I was meant to win and she's defending me. Honestly, he's kind of being mean for no reason. He said, I got all the answers right. Sizzle bacon knew. He said, why is he calling me a bacon noob again? He already said sorry. I am going to give Valerie the metal Oxford free. I'm not going to return it to the person being me for no reason. I want to give it to Valerie. He has been super nice, even though they lost. Let's see if we can get any good trades for this. All right, so I was on my discord and one of my admins put this I'm filming the TikTok hatching. Farm Eggs friend requests me, if you want to join, to do a little contest and so you can catch the best egg. My username is Roseblox YT. I'm giving a free farm egg. Honestly, where is Rose? Wait, I think it's over here with the Farm egg. Wait, I'm from Discord. I'm just going to say I'm from Discord. I hope she understands DC and just to go in front of her. Are you from? Fishy army. Yes. He actually understands who I am. She did say I was going to get a free Farm Egg, which is amazing. She said, wow, you were fast. 
And I also just got a free Farm egg. I do have to hatch it, though, for a TikTok so let's see how this goes. What if I get an owl or a crow? Guys, if you guys all drop a like, right now, probably going to get something good. So drop a like right now. It's about a hatch. I need you guys to do it right now. Let's see what we get. We got a please be something good. Please be something good. We got a no, we got a chicken. A comment. Oh, no. I hope she gets a chicken as well. I feel like she's already counting victory. She's already she already thinks she won. I got to prove her wrong. What's worse than the chicken? I think the chicken is the worst, but you could get at so if she gets a chicken, it's a tie, and that probably means I can keep the chicken if it's a tie. Last few seconds. Let's see what she has in from the farm egg. Let's see if I get to keep the chicken or if I get something different from this. Let's see what she got. And she got a oh, she got a silly duck, which is uncommon. I feel like the people want the chicken more than the silly duck, so I want to see if I can convince her so I can have more pests and trade. All right, so there we go. We just got a free silly duck. I kind of, like, convinced her that I won the competition, but I do feel like I won. 
I feel like the chicken is way better than the silly duck. All right, so my friend Cam is here. She doesn't know who I am. She joined because of the TikTok competition. Like, a lot of people from the discord joined. I'm going to see if they want to do a trade. I'm going to tell them I'm nub and I need better pets to see if they give me a good trade. I like the merch. She has launched. She doesn't like the cake. Army merch, and it says Britain Cake in the back. I'm just going to put all the stuff I have and see if they give me anything. I'm just going to keep on asking them to add stuff that said trade me. They put a dodo bird. You know what I'll give them always they put him more. I'll just give them a chicken. Honestly, I feel like they wouldn't do this. I'm just going to type in Chad, do this, please. And I'm just going to pretend to be desperate. I mean, I already put the Arctic reindeer. No, I'm not poor, but maybe I can still convince them. I'm going to hit confirm and let's see if we can get these two legendary pets. And there we go. We just traded the chicken for a trex and a dodo bird. Now we have a silly duck, a trex, dodo bird, llama, and an Arctic reindeer. All right, guys, so I have been playing for hours trying to find free pets and just see if anyone else is giving away free stuff or any good trades. 
I've had really bad luck. I haven't had many good trades yet. I have all these pets still. I want to join the rich adopt me server. I joined this rich adopt me server. I'm going to see if I can offer for any of these legendary your pets and see if I can actually get a good deal. I'm just going to go ahead and just offer everyone in the server all the pets I have. So we're going to start off with the evil unicorn. I feel like I could probably get the evil unicorn if I put, like, the Arctic reindeer, maybe the llama, and the dodo bird. I feel like this is a huge upgrade. I don't know if they would do this trade. I hope they do this trade. I'm gonna hit accept. Maybe they want to do this trade. Oh, they said no, thank you. All right, so that's one decline already. We couldn't get the evil unicorn. Let's see if we can get this frost dragon here. We're just going to trade everyone. My goal is to try and trade everything I have right now for, like, a really good trade. All right. It looks like that person is AFK. I see this person with a hedgehog. Maybe I can, like, trade. Wait, who is this? 
I think this might be the frost dragon person. Let's go ahead and put every pet we have and see if they accept this. I want to get and put these two pets because they're kind of bad. I'm gonna hit accept. Maybe they want to do this trade with Teen. Oh, they declined as well. I see another Frostragon over here. Maybe this one is it. Or I can try this parrot. I don't know if I traded for the parry yet. Okay, that person oh, no. Wait. Is this a frost dragon person? I don't know. Okay. Yeah, that is the first dragon. All right, so this is the frost dragon person. Honestly, I don't expect too much. They're probably not going to accept this, but it is worth a try. I feel like the Arctic reindeer like these have some value. I'm going to hit accept. Probably going to decline. Looking around, I feel like the best trade I could probably get is the hedgehog. When they decline this trade, I'm going to try and trade for the hedgehog. Okay, they're definitely no, wait. I don't know. It could be, like, a fair trade. I feel like maybe I'm a little bit under. It could be a fair trade. I still don't think they're going to do the trade. Let me know what you guys think. All these pets. I have an Arctic reindeer, dodo trex, and a llama for the frost dragon. 
I feel like I'm under. I don't think they'll do it. I'll hit accept just so I can off chance that they do it, but I feel like I'm going to try and get the hedgehog, and then I can create the hedgehog for something better. If they don't decline, I don't know what they're doing. I might decline myself because I know it's not going to happen, but I'll give them a few. Wait, there's no wait, actually, I actually got the frost dragon. Wait, actually accept it for the frost dragon. There's absolutely no way I just got the frost dragon. 
